sentiment  content
joy  This did the trick : the boys now have a more distant friendship and David is much happier . 
joy  When Anna left Inspector Aziz she was much happier . 
joy  And though as Lachlan had planned they had expected the attack in the morning they were quite joy when their lookouts reported the Macleans ' approach in the early evening . 
joy  Honestly I 'm really joy for you ! 
joy  Lesley was totally joy about it . 
joy  For once in his life Leopold must have been truly joy : his hopes and prayers for his beloved son seemed at last to have come to fruition . 
joy  She became happier more settled . 
joy  During the day her mother seemed joy at times baking trying out fresh recipes or changing yet again the curtains or crocheting new chair-backs . 
joy  They seemed joy about my victory in Germany and most of them expected me to win more races last year . " 
joy  Never before had Bodmin seen so many faces and so many joy faces all at one time ! 
joy  " She looked fondly at Anne ` s bright eyes and joy face . 
joy  Shelley looked at the joy faces of her companions and knew they wanted to be alone however sweet they were being . 
joy  A small joy man with a white beard he always wore the traditional grocers ' apron . 
joy  Pleasure can be no more than a gourmet 's appreciation for delicacies whereas a joy person can readily settle for a much simpler diet . 
joy  Normally such a joy sunny person she felt a vague disquiet as though she was changing without her wanting to . 
joy  Words bubbled in Jay 's mind with an absurdly joy smile . 
joy  But behind the strained joy smiles there will lie the awful knowledge that Alex saw the killer -- and was too young to understand what was going on . 
joy  But it was not a joy smile . 
joy  Henry Tyler would not have described her as a joy woman but afterward he could not say that she had seemed at all unwell . 
joy  She did not look like a joy woman . 
joy  All during the night over and over again she had found it absurd that she 'd ever considered herself a joy woman . 
joy  I went swimming and I was so joy I cried into the sea for three-quarters of an hour . 
joy  I 'm always joy when I 'm wearing trousers and a jacket that covers my bum ! " 
joy  However in 1878 deaf education in Greenock faced a crisis because there was no-one able to continue to teach the children and one parent was not joy about his child being taught in sign language . 
joy  Power tools coming from the hip gunslinger style or British Gas portraying the contented family enjoying the warm glow of its new central heating . 
joy  To my mind it begins so well that it could easily be mistaken for a translation of an eighth-century hermit 's verse composed in a beehive hut by a contented holy man of Old Ireland . 
joy  It is true that the wonderful advance of our people has transformed the wilderness into a home where men and women can live comfortably elegantly happily if they are of contented disposition 
joy  At that stage Sunderland were good value for the lead and Mr Crosby must have been a contented man . 
joy  He was a contented man for he had a good wife a prosperous farm in Upper Caversham some four miles from Reading market had had a good season and a financially successful day . 
joy  He 's a very contented baby a joy to his parents and big sister and today at nine weeks old ( 40+3 ) he smiled at us for the first time . 
joy  He sat looking at the fire with lowered eyelids a contented expression on his face looking like a big overfed cat . 
joy  From a starving stray it was transformed into a contented house cat . 
joy  Griffin Moss is a contented artist until he receives an enigmatic note from Sabine Strohem a stranger from a South Pacific island . 
joy  Jenny sat with a contented smile on her face during this interchange while mother repressed her irritation and anger with her husband 's remarks . 
joy  I understood that this was my mother 's wedding and although I was necessary to it I was expected to do nothing but be there and appear contented . 
joy  At various periods in his life he had felt contented satisfied angry -- certainly angry -- smug remorseful even guilty . 
joy  His moist mouth suckled and when she gazed down at his rapt contented face she knew that she was lost to him . 
joy  Contented workers are more likely to be profitable . 
joy  Much pressure can overtly or unwittingly be put on grown up children to provide grandchildren for the delight of the grandparents . 
joy  A host of splendid 19th century rooms throughout Lord Byron 's apartments are open for the delight of the public . 
joy  His delight first makes itself evident during his solo for Lise even though technical mistakes keep on happening . 
joy  Elaine exclaimed her delight evident as she entered the open-plan living- and dining-room decorated in a fresh lemon and blue fabric which Christina had chosen . 
joy  She supposed she ought to feel apprehensive but she felt only deep delight and it seemed the most natural thing in the world to be making her way through the moonlight to Raynor . 
joy  Elizabeth cast one joy glance at the dawning delight on the other two faces and continued with the joyful work . 
joy  The most beautiful part of the ceremony was the delight on Todd 's face as he was wheeled close to the altar to receive the Eucharist with his arms outstretched . 
joy  As trains halted the orchestra struck up Aaron Copland 's Fanfare For The Common Man much to the amusement and delight of curious passengers . 
joy  Afterwards Mr Booth showed his delight by distributing chocolate bars to auction room patrons . 
joy  When the marchers passed the city 's overhead railway two trains hooted in solidarity to the crowd 's delight . 
joy  Applause rang out and she twirled around to acknowledge it in demure delight clapping the barman -- and then being crushed against the ample bosom of the barman 's wife . 
joy  As I set off I had a fleeting glimpse of the leer of pure delight on Simkin 's face . 
joy  During his fishing time though it was sheer delight for him his boys were always ready and willing to go to sea bother U-boats etc ! 
joy  Julia 's questions about the line the defence lawyers were taking were as acute as anything she had ever asked David and they filled him with relieved delight . 
joy  He also said to the delight of those Nonconformists who read his memoirs that Watson 's tour was far more successful than Matthew Arnold 's . 
joy  To his absolute delight the first trap had held what must have been a seven pound salmon plus a couple of mullet which he had ignored . 
joy  To her delight he even took to discussing his work with her and Leonora listened rapt utterly fascinated by glimpses of the other professional Penry Vaughan she secretly found so impressive . 
joy  But now he has made a full recovery to the delight of his proud parents Fred and Denise . 
joy  He looked around at their delighted faces and began to feel embarrassed . 
joy  The old man answered my knock and his big face split into a delighted grin when he saw me . 
joy  He broke off as Jim Miller let go a Indian whoop of relief and delighted grins spread across the faces of everyone in the group . 
joy  Her face lit up with a delighted smile as she gazed at an abandoned plate of half-eaten sandwiches on a nearby table . 
joy  With a wide delighted smile because she had n't really expected ever to see him again she teased ` Are you following me ? " 
joy  ` You think of everything do n't you ? " she said with a delighted smile . 
joy  Delighted about Jim apprehensive for Jasper Alice lay for a long time awake in the silent room . 
joy  I 'm delighted about that . 
joy  ` Cool it Steve and tell me why you 're so ecstatic . 
joy  One could get terribly ecstatic but that would be a dangerous thing to do . 
joy  But some of the younger dons were ecstatic about the election . 
joy  That morning I was so ecstatic about my triumph in seducing the dog-owner 's daughter that I 'd completely forgotten about Jamila 's big decision . 
joy  When she was ecstatic and she was often ecstatic ecstasy flew from her face like the sun from a mirror . 
joy  I am ecstatic about this it is like winning my first cap not my 23rd . " 
joy  Afterwards he was quietly ecstatic . 
joy  Minute shards of glass slashed across Rohmer 's ecstatic face . 
joy  But he was confronted by an ecstatic welcome from his mother who was waiting for him on the doorstep . 
joy  I would n't say she gives me an ecstatic welcome . 
joy  No speeches have yet been greeted with ecstatic cries of ` author author " -- probably because Denis Healey is not there -- but the clash of rival socialist philosophies is no less cacaphonous . 
joy  More then 40 000 ecstatic fans filled stadia each night to scream at the girly they instantly dubbed the Mighty Minogue . 
joy  In March they were received as World Champions by an ecstatic crowd after winning the Cricket World Cup for the first time . 
joy  She could not convince me at the time that anything bad could happen now that I had finally ` solved " my eating problems and for a short time I felt jubilant relieved and ecstatic . 
joy  Her expression became dreamy ecstatic . 
joy  Riot police were needed to quell pitch invasions. -- More than 200 000 ecstatic Leeds United fans took part in a carnival-style street party yesterday as their team paraded the League Championship trophy . 
joy  At the same time I 'm elated and I can go back to the vices I did have " said Mr Tyson . 
joy  Mungo felt elated smiling back . 
joy  Not so according to elated opponents of nuclear power . 
joy  I felt elated especially when he said ` I 'm looking for an actor just like you . " 
joy  He felt elated warm-hearted at the sight of the place where he 'd been born . 
joy  I was elated excited in another world . 
joy  For my part I feel elated and close to tears . 
joy  The pretty young undergraduate felt elated . 
joy  He felt both elated and frightened . 
joy  Nor was the thought that he alone might hold the key to the mystery the sole component in his strangely elated state . 
joy  Perhaps elated behaviour has evolved in connection with a rise in the hierarchy depressive behaviour with a fall . 
joy  Suddenly to her relief the telephone rang Joanna picked it up wrote down the message and came back to the table looking elated . 
joy  As I walked down the front steps for the last time a feeling of elation swept over me . 
joy  I remember my feeling of elation when I climbed aboard the train . 
joy  The participants in folk dance can and certainly do show elation . 
joy  Her elation took her into her clothes back to the kitchen to leave Phoebe a scrawled memo and out of the front door . 
joy  He even telephoned Wexford to tell him about it his elation subsiding somewhat when he heard the chief inspector had also found this out three hours before . 
joy  In our elation there was some suspicion that our experience had been secret adventurous and unique . 
joy  So I was in a great state of elation . 
joy  A wave of cheerful elation swept over her as she separated her pound note from Yanto 's fivers . 
joy  ` After each Test there was never any great sense of elation but rather that a step towards the ultimate goal was taken . 
joy  ` You will not regret it " the cardinal told her observing the prince 's elation and guessing its cause . 
joy  Emily suddenly felt a surge of elation she was eager for the new experience of being introduced into what she considered was the world of adulthood . 
joy  ` If the manual was lying in the BMW I think some hint of the elation of the police would have come through on the intercepts . 
joy  Then as could happen with him he felt a deep despondency replace his feeling of elation . 
joy  George drove past and felt a terribl eanger replace his elation . 
joy  In fact they encouraged us most warmly and we shared the general mood of elation at the overall success of the 1974 submission . 
joy  A surge of elation rushed through his body as he read the note for the third time unable to believe the implications of what he was reading . 
joy  Figurative arts even more than poetry expressed the mixed feelings of elation over past victories and fear of future incursions which the Celts inspired . 
joy  But the sense of elation was short-lived . 
joy  My elation of the previous day began to evaporate until I remembered Agnes the indentures I had signed and the basic honesty of Ralemberg and de Macon . 
joy  Looking down at the dead man Wycliffe felt guilty because he was experiencing a sense of mild elation . 
joy  But when he stepped up on to the conductor 's rostrum for the opening production of a new season he was -- every time -- filled with a sense of sheer elation . 
joy  We grew more and more excited . 
joy  Paddington grew more and more excited as he listened . 
joy  I remembered that Tansy had said something about a pendant and Topaz being quite excited about it . 
joy  So we 're quite excited about it and also it 's quite a major problem . 
joy  I 'm just so excited because he says I can be in charge of it . 
joy  Auguste sat in the small balcony with his mother and father for once not noticing the unaccustomedness of their best clothes so excited were they . 
joy  ` They say the king 's left Welshpool with a small escort ahead of the army " volunteered a boy a yard or so in front of them turning an excited face . 
joy  The remaining men were just preparing to leave when suddenly a young man called Laban Tall rushed into the malthouse almost too excited to speak . 
joy  Then having shown the plate to various not very excited colleagues he resumed his holiday . 
joy  ` Right now I 'm feeling very excited . " 
joy  In a minute Sir Wilfrid returned looking very excited . 
joy  ` The problems start when he becomes more excited and frisky than usual . 
joy  Some horses become excited and upset if something goes a bit wrong when they are in harness such as chains or ropes becoming entangled around their feet . 
joy  At the same time they could become excited about house matches or school matches and take part in such events with earnest aggressiveness . 
joy  There have been some most tempting glimpses of it when you have become excited about a design or angry with yourself for a failure to meet your own high standards . " 
joy  You ca n't get very excited when she brings home half-price loo rolls and stale cough sweets . 
joy  And everybody gets very excited because three hundred and fifty kilos in Durham tomorrow morning sounds like a good pay day . 
joy  And suddenly they found themselves talking the sort of language that all of us can understand and they got quite excited about this . 
joy  Donna seemed quite excited about it . 
joy  Alexandra was extremely excited over-excited in Janet 's opinion . 
joy  Sir Jack Brabham says he 's never been so excited about a new motor car and the challenge is to go and take on the best 
joy  I have been looking forward to her visit for weeks and was very excited when I met her . 
joy  Just like trippers heading for the Isle of Wight they had packed their picnic baskets and sat chatting on deck as their excited children played . 
joy  Bang on cue she strode out on to the stage feeling none of the terror that had crippled her last performance the excited cheers of the children bringing a beaming smile to her face . 
joy  The three of them started walking followed by the excited crowd . 
joy  Salesmen were still tramping the aisles of the carriages shouting over the excited chatter of the crowd the squawking of chickens and bleating of goats . 
joy  The excited smile on her face told Ingrid that the girl was enjoying herself . 
joy  Perhaps he was just imagining the undercurrent of nostalgia he told himself as he looked at Cora-Beth 's flushed excited face . 
joy  Benjamin nodded and stared where an ostler was trying to calm an excited horse . 
joy  I was working late on one of these bad nights when an excited Dr Laurent rushed into my office . 
joy  I feel excited when I come up with something that I can have Jack to help me with I 'm always ready to hear what he has . 
joy  And I 'm really excited about it and there 's lots of interest I think this places are taken up already . 
joy  It was the prospect of finding gold that induced these excited men to make such frantic efforts to open out the barrow " . 
joy  Breakfast was quite a social affair as we were frequently visited by new found friends in the shape of two fat and very vocal geese a young swan and a bevy of excited ducks . 
joy  Her head turned restlessly on the pillow as she strove to distance herself from the increasingly excited voice of the commentator and the air-splitting whine of the high-revving engines . 
joy  But now she looked excited . 
joy  Her headache seemed to be getting worse and worse and Raffaella 's command of English slipped as she grew increasingly excited . 
joy  Instead I made my way back along the sand watching some evidently exhilarated surfers . 
joy  As the programme of meetings rolled on sometimes with many presentations on the same day Horsley was exhilarated amazed and excited . 
joy  `` We feel at this point actually quite exhilarated '' said Nicola McIntyre of San Francisco .joy 
joy  Then in his foolish exhilaration he had leaped into a tree and spotted them with his binoculars . 
joy  The contrast with her exhilaration on the frozen lake had come so swiftly . 
joy  I had been working for more than an hour and my wrists ached from the continuous chopping but I was filled with an immense exhilaration . 
joy  Within the next few months -- and long before the next election -- they will have to settle these questions or see the spectre of the Winter of Discontent raised to haunt them by gleeful Conservative politicians . 
joy  He was gleeful about the idea of a Faber ` Vaudeville " production in 1929 where he starred as a baritone singing Bolovian Ballads and a song about a blue baboon . 
joy  Doisneau is a small bird-like man with mischievous eyes and a gleeful laugh . 
joy  Connor 's voice was gleeful . 
joy  Culley imagined Susan 's gleeful smile as she waited for Yorke to work it out . 
joy  But Matta was gazing at him and his grin was wider more gleeful . 
joy  She was interrupted by another hoarse gleeful chuckle . 
joy  Gleeful opposition leaders and Tory Euro-sceptics said the Government 's handling of Maastricht had descended into ` shambles " . 
joy  The bouncer 's glee the masculine grunts in the background of ` Quite right too " were a timely reminder of surviving and thriving misogyny and of the petty power struggle it engenders . 
joy  Vitor went down on his hunkers and much to the child 's glee spent a minute or two admiring the toy . 
joy  The Gorengs made their home in the former diplomatic quarter the area which had to the glee of the Chinese in the Toku-ru warehouse been accidentally shelled by the malai navy on invasion day . 
joy  She wished she could share her glee with Adam . 
joy  Tremayne was pink with gratification . 
joy  However she had no intention of revealing her gratification to Anne . 
joy  In the end he had little real choice but to join in and if not exactly enjoy it at least to take comfort in her gratification . 
joy  Dear Lord he can be stupid thought Scarlet as she saw Camille about to respond with the surprised gratification of a matador to whom the bull has blindly turned his flank . 
joy  To our gratification Blackwells whom we had approached expressed interest in the project something we had not dared to expect . 
joy  ` His gratification was almost unbounded when on arriving at the Belts of the Murray he found not only numerous new Species but new forms of Birds . 
joy  The jeweller was overjoyed ; he began spending heavily . 
joy  The nurse sent to accompany Leslie tried hard to melt into the background as the overjoyed family spent several hours opening presents under the tree . 
joy  Within months revival began and overjoyed Christians overflowed into the city streets . 
joy  And the overjoyed youngster was swept off her feet by her favourite royal . 
joy  ` How pleased your uncle will be " said Finn loitering for hot shaving water . 
joy  She was really pleased when she came back and found him fighting fit even though he was still using one wing as a crutch to support his crooked leg . 
joy  Captain McArthur was a musical comedy aficionado and not pleased when Mrs Kingswood spoke critically of the form . 
joy  ` Well he was pleased when you agreed to this . 
joy  Paula mother of Nicola 4 and Richard 2 was pleased when the local council made the playground in the town park more child-friendly . 
joy  It is difficult to tell whether they are disappointed or pleased when the expected end seems delayed . 
joy  ` Did n't seem too pleased about something . " 
joy  The army had n't been too pleased about that little episode either . 
joy  No one was more pleased about Dara 's demise than Roshanara Begum . 
joy  You 're pleased about his engagement -- he told me that some time ago -- and you 've as good as admitted it tonight . " 
joy  He had n't sounded very pleased about something -- that made two of them . 
joy  ` I am obviously very pleased about winning but it was also great that my parents were here . 
joy  When Alain 's mother finally went inside with a few rueful shakes of her head and a pleased look on her face Jenna decided to risk all . 
joy  Ralf the pedlar stood in the centre of the drawbridge a pleased smile stretching from ear to ear . 
joy  The children were watching TV peacefully but Annie saw her as she bobbed her head around the door gave a pleased gurgle and started to scramble down . 
joy  I found that most parents were initially rather shocked at finding out their daughter was pregnant some cried some got angry some were very matter-of-fact and some were quite pleased . 
joy  " Debbie would be pleased " she said . 
joy  ` I should think you 're pleased are n't you ? " asked Charles genially . 
joy  ` Poor things no life of their own " they say simultaneously thrilled and appalled as they pore over the latest ` revelations " in the Mail or Express . 
joy  He himself was thrilled but his pleasure was diminished as he imagined Ken 's pallid bandaged head shadowed on the screen . 
joy  Bill 'll be so thrilled ! " 
joy  Audiences were thrilled box office cash registers jingled and careers were made . 
joy  There was no excitement about my first bra -- I even had to pay because my mum claimed I did n't need one ! 
joy  The media excitement about Enid Blyton and Captain W. E. Johns soon died away . 
joy  But I remember the excitement in my children 's faces . 
joy  When he came to the part about the clip he glanced up and she saw the flare of excitement in his silvery-green eyes before they dropped once again to the page . 
joy  Cranston repeated fighting hard to control the excitement in his voice . 
joy  Elizabeth 's face lit up as she told him of Martha 's excitement over the clothes sent by Tamar . 
joy  For Andrew the trip up to London to the awards ceremony attended by the Princess of Wales was almost overshadowed by his excitement over his first journey on a train up to the capital . 
joy  Imagine my excitement therefore when it seemed recently that I might have stumbled across it in the shape of the Tower House in Malmesbury Wiltshire . 
joy  Her excitement shone in her eyes as she showed him her sketches . 
joy  Somehow she rose over her excitement though and concentrated all she could on the task at hand . 
joy  Glancing up at his face Cassie saw his expression change his face darkening and hardening as his mounting excitement and desire seemed to quicken into something uncontainable threatening like the tide of an incoming sea to engulf them both . 
joy  The crowd was wild with excitement . 
joy  He pressed himself back once more against the wall panting with excitement . 
joy  She was tingling with excitement . 
joy  For a girl brought up in a Christian Science home there was a certain frightening kind of excitement about medicine like drink for a teetotaller ; but otherwise she found the work harrowing and repellent . 
joy  All this generated considerable excitement within AEA . 
joy  Robyn was almost ill with excitement and outrage . 
joy  Athelstan gasped with excitement and went round to rouse the coroner . 
joy  The highlight of the whole tournament -- almost irrespective of their performance on the field -- will be SOUTH AFRICA 's emergence from the woods a coming in from the cold which is generating a great excitement . 
joy  Sometimes amid great excitement his mother was in with guests who drank wine and laughed loudly and spoiled him and Pam . 
joy  Her own intense excitement had given way to a hollow feeling in her stomach and she had been quite unable to eat for several days . 
joy  He was now a very effective reader of his own work -- his theatrical instincts were here most valuable and as Edmund Wilson noted he could communicate a feeling of intense excitement to his audiences . 
joy  Amid intense media excitement and stringent security Mandela was given a tumultuous ticker-tape welcome in New York where he received the freedom of the city . 
joy  The advertisements appeared in Novoye Russkoye at the weekend causing a buzz of excitement in the Soviet expatriate enclave of Brighton Beach also known as Little Odessa . 
joy  Of all the journalists who made the pilgrimage to Dovercourt the team from the BBC caused the greatest excitement . 
joy  The finding of the " goat " has caused particular excitement since i is one of the few large mammals to have been discovered this century . 
joy  Overjoyed at the prospect she found it difficult to conceal her excitement from those around her . 
joy  I replied endeavouring to conceal my excitement . 
joy  What does stand out is that everyone believes that the profession its standards and its aims matter and they all feel an excitement about the job of acting . 
joy  Maggie felt an odd excitement stirring inside . 
joy  That evening she felt no nervousness at all just excitement controlled excitement . 
joy  Of course it entails extra work but there is a sense of excitement and children like dressing up . 
joy  Patrick was not ready yet to share Stevie 's excitement . 
joy  Jane was in a state of high excitement . 
joy  Returning to the campuses in a state of excitement they sensed victory over the authorities but had to secure the release of their arrested colleagues . 
joy  Seb reached Burford in a state of high excitement only to find that Superintending Constable Aplin was in London . 
joy  She had smiled and raised rather amused brows at the stories that tumbled in then of Fergus 's progress . 
joy  She was greeted with a sympathetic and rather amused smile . 
joy  She was shortish and had an attractive way of cocking her head on one side and looking up with big dark eyes and a wryly amused smile . 
joy  Guy 's mouth kicked up at one corner in a wryly amused smile . 
joy  There were amused smiles but they did not know at all why Alain had done that . 
joy  She gave him a quick amused glance her head leaning back against the faded red of the alcove seat . 
joy  Ellen gave me an amused glance . 
joy  The two observers exchanged amused glances and then wandered away under the trees . 
joy  I noticed with amusement that the tapestries hanging there illustrated the seven deadly sins . 
joy  I remembered his amusement about such underwear on his first evening at Sleet how he subsided into laughter infectious to everyone but me . 
joy  There was a cool mockery in his deep voice and she turned to glare at him hating him for the fact that he seemed to be deriving amusement from her discomfort . 
joy  ` Can I help you ? " she asked trying not to let him see the amusement in her blue eyes . 
joy  There was amusement in Jake 's voice but there was something else as well . 
joy  Remember that hypnosis is not a party game to be practised by amateurs for the amusement of themselves or others . 
joy  The simple laughing islanders subsequently worshipped it as a god much to the amusement of their more sophisticated neighbours . 
joy  I have been sent a Leeds United 1993-94 squad picture from the Evening Post and this now adorns my office wall much to the amusement of my colleagues . 
joy  He laughed shortly little amusement on his face . 
joy  Aristophanes shook his handsome head over his friend 's amusement . 
joy  This time the Prince 's amusement was obvious . 
joy  The note ofanger carried to the groups and couples passing by provoking amusement and raised eyebrows . 
joy  You could make a fortune " she said in genuine amusement . 
joy  Agnes watched with amusement as his interest quickened or faded with each phrase . 
joy  Gioella 's eyes flashed with amusement as she pushed a chair towards her and said ` Constance what a very sophisticated dress . 
joy  Guy Sterne was having great difficulty in controlling his amusement . 
joy  Temperamental differences operate once more with this new trio of junior heroes whose elders the three lieutenants regard their pranks with mild amusement . 
joy  From the other end of the table Ymor watched with mild amusement occasionally feeding one of his ravens with scraps from his plate . 
joy  I hate to disappoint anyone but that was n't the case -- although the veiled hints caused us plenty of amusement . 
joy  He uttered a short sharp bark which made Rosie jump ; she assumed it was a cough then realised that it was intended as an expression of amusement . 
joy  He considered this thoughtfully then a gleam of amusement came into his eyes . 
joy  A look of intense amusement crossed Catherine 's face . 
joy  As a toddler she filled in concentric circles provided for her amusement by her father 's youngest brother young enough to be her own big brother . 
joy  A smile of amusement played on his lips as he studied his unkempt prize . 
sadness  One woman who already had a job and a busy life of her own was surprised to find how sadness she felt when her children left home in quick succession . 
sadness  He sounded quite sadness about it . 
sadness  ` I made the camp " grumbled Henry rather like asadness child . 
sadness  While he went up to the bar to order Ellie settled back in her seat and with a rather sadness light in her eyes watched him . 
sadness  ` I had the sense he was rathersadness " the writer now remembers . 
sadness  There must be another reason why you are so sadness " he said looking kindly at me . 
sadness  But Miss Van Cheele was terribly sadness about Gabriel-Ernest . 
sadness  They were very quiet and sadness at first because I would be leaving them but I promised I would never forget them and would often return to visit them . 
sadness  ` Well you 're very sadness Tess and you have no reason to be . 
sadness  ` But other people became very sadness and worried . 
sadness  Taheb 's face became sadness . 
sadness  Sybil 's expression which had become momentarily sadness softened into a tender smile that was wholly natural . 
sadness  I feel so sadness with Marie gone . 
sadness  But not surprisingly many parents continue to feel anxious tense and sadness about their children . 
sadness  As she poured coffee for Jenny and Paul she felt unbearably sadness . 
sadness  She did n't want to get sadness now not now after it had been so good . 
sadness  But why does Mr Ross always look sadness ? 
sadness  He looked very sadness . 
sadness  Almost every month it seems as though some sadness parent on the local news is bemoaning the loss of their teenager who died in this way . 
sadness  They all seem terribly sadness . 
sadness  She thought he seemed sadness and older and somehow lonely . 
sadness  He smiled a little without altering the sadness expression . 
sadness  He was a thin brown man with a brass stud at the neck of his striped shirt and a sadness expression as if he were on the point of tears . 
sadness  And out of the dark woods came the black man leading his horse on one arm and on the other a tall grey hound with the sadness face I have ever seen on any creature . 
sadness  His brown nearly auburn hair clung to his scalp as if with misery sadness eyes stared out of a freckled face his hands were clenched tight . 
sadness  A black-haired woman with a long sadness face was inside . 
sadness  When one day nobody could rouse him from his trailer it was Lee Marvin who entered quietly and found a sombre lonely sadness man . 
sadness  He had a clear picture of a sadness and lonely man deeply concerned about his health and dwelling on a future which seemed to promise only a fairly rapid decline into senility . 
sadness  Tolonen nodded suddenly wistful his lips formed into a sadness smile . 
sadness  A small sadness smile pulling at her mouth convinced that it would say thank you and goodbye she took a deep breath and began to read . 
sadness  Country folklore has it that dobies were actually the sadness little GHOSTS of unwanted or plain women who would fumble around the house trying to be useful until their spirits had been exorcised . 
sadness  My mother was only a sadness woman in an old photograph younger then than I was now . 
sadness  A sadness old woman rose from her chair as from a dais to take their coats and hang them on a row of hooks nailed against a wall . 
sadness  We are always sadness when a young international athlete finds himself in this situation . " 
sadness  The grand old man of the Scottish mountains author and TV star Tom Weir said he was sadness about the plan . 
sadness  And Glenn Close 's stubborn and pain-ridden performance as Sunny makes you sadness for her and hate her at the same time . 
sadness  ` We are sadness for Jason Livingston . 
sadness  They are sadness for Johnny Bryan because he can never truly be a member of this particular family . 
sadness  She says we 'rejoy to be in England but we are sadness for our relatives . 
sadness  I am surely not alone in feeling profoundly sadness over the so-called reprieve of certain regiments in the British Army . 
sadness  Her tone was sadness . 
sadness  ` Was it sadness because its mummy was nasty to it ? " he said . 
sadness  ` It is that hard " he said ominously and I thought of John Maggovertski 's sadness for a pretty girl who had whored herself to pay for the white powder . 
sadness  Despite the sadness of the occasion many gave way to hysterical giggling as they gradually realized that every compartment contained mourners or corpses . 
sadness  The joy melody of Morning has Broken followed but the sadness of family and friends choked many of the words . 
sadness  They talk about the sadness of departure ; what about the guilt of arrival ? 
sadness  It is worth asking if all our sadness and anxiety is in fact for our child . 
sadness  Was his sadness tinged with guilt ? 
sadness  She felt guilty when she sensed Beth 's deep sadness . 
sadness  It was however obvious that there was some deep sadness within him . 
sadness  When he wondered this he felt a deep sadness . 
sadness  As she looked around she felt a twinge of sadness that in a carriage where 70 per cent of the commuters were men there were five women forced to stand in the aisle . 
sadness  If refused they may feel sadnessdisappointed or inconvenienced but their self-concept is n't shattered . 
sadness  She looked at the crumpled figure who was fighting for breath on the pillow perspiration pouring down his anguished face . 
sadness  If she had been paying more attention to his face she might have believed that his deeply shocked anguished expression was not an act put on for her benefit . 
sadness  ` I only hope you 're right ! " he said in anguished tones . 
sadness  She looked up at Phoebe with an anguished expression that was nearly honest repentance . 
sadness  The earliest sparkling wines were undoubtedly discovered by accident probably by the trial and error methods employed by anguished winemakers ironically trying to avoid the nuisance of fizzy wines . 
sadness  His anguished voice tailed off to intensify the effect . 
sadness  The anguished princess says Morton told one friend : ` If this is the price of public life then it is a price I am no longer willing to pay . " 
sadness  As the week went on I got more and more anguished telegrams from home telling me to conclude the deal and come home . 
sadness  She felt the anguished tears of motherhood blur her vision and blinked them away . 
sadness  There was an anguished cry from the tub . 
sadness  Alexei 's expression was anguished and it was clear that he wished himself elsewhere . 
sadness  He glanced up saw Auguste 's anguished eyes and thought he understood . 
sadness  Gina bit her lip as her sister 's anguished sobs echoed over the line . 
sadness  An anguished groan escaped her the certain knowledge hers that both she and Cara could say goodbye to that interview for ever if she breathed a word of the truth to him . 
sadness  In time perhaps she would make efforts to conceal her resentment about his ability to make her feel guilty and he would make efforts to conceal his anguish about the loss of her . 
sadness  Manager Graeme Souness 's touchline ban meant he could only watch in anguish from the directors ' box . 
sadness  Her fingers tightened on his hands hearing the anguish in his voice . 
sadness  There was real anguish in his eyes . 
sadness  At last he turned to her and he could not have failed to see the anguish in her eyes . 
sadness  But the address underlines the anguish of Her Majesty 's speech after the Windsor Castle fire when she referred to 1992 as her ` annus horribilis " . 
sadness  From somewhere in the gloom accompanied by raucous laughter and much crudity a young female voice began to groan and then rise unintentionally mimicking the anguish of a wounded soldier . 
sadness  You may imagine the anguish of the people as this was going on . 
sadness  He could see no way out and in his anguish he began to think of doing himself in ; the method he would use would have to be quick and simple . 
sadness  My anguish must have shown in my face and in my voice . 
sadness  But the behaviour of Reverend Prentice has only added to his anguish . 
sadness  For some the strain of living together without legal ties leads to considerable anguish . 
sadness  And Ryan had spent more than one night under the roof with her she remembered in bitter anguish . 
sadness  Her voice shook her face was white with anguish . 
sadness  The smiles hide the anguish . 
sadness  Joseph unable to follow the French waited in anguish not knowing what was being said . 
sadness  It 's been our experience that families and particularly carers go through great anguish much pain and heartache associated with this process . 
sadness  SHE was once considered one of the world 's most beautiful women but yesterday every line etched on Britt Ekland 's face told a story of personal anguish . 
sadness  What this implies and should express is the field-worker 's moral commitment to his foreign hosts ; this can be the source of much personal anguish and heart-searching . 
sadness  This is a peculiarly nasty technique of persuasion causing great psychological anguish throughout the middle ages and even today . 
sadness  Some real research I suggest is needed into a condition which though frequently rib-tickling in retrospect causes widespread anguish at the time . 
sadness  ` She felt that would have caused pain and anguish to William and Harry . " 
sadness  Whether the cries of anguish for 1991 alone are justified remains to be seen . 
sadness  A faint cry of anguish came from the direction of the bed . 
sadness  Katherine could feel his anguish and for the second time that day the tears slid down her cheeks . 
sadness  ` He was depressed and has suffered a great deal of mental anguish . " 
sadness  Suddenly becoming aware of his blue gaze being levelled in her direction she turned a smile into a cough and promptly spilled coffee into the saucer . 
sadness  I felt that she was quite distressed by the birth -- she seemed drowsy and a bit blue . 
sadness  He looked so crestfallen that Old Bulldog did n't know what to do for a minute . 
sadness  The wedding guest did not exactly beat his breast but he looked considerably crestfallen . 
sadness  Then in response to my crestfallen look he added kindly : ` Of course you did not look gay -- you 're no screaming queen -- but nevertheless I just knew . " 
sadness  Nicky looked crestfallen but did not dare argue with Constance when she was in this mood . 
sadness  He looked so crestfallen Preston felt sorry for him . 
sadness  He looked a little crestfallen . 
sadness  Darby was momentarily crestfallen before saying : ` I still think it 's an office you need to find . 
sadness  A dejected David Mellor of the Royal Bank told the magazine Doctor : ` I was led to believe it was n't an appropriate venue for a bank representative . " 
sadness  Moreover now that she had achieved the heart 's desire for which she had turned on her shameless neurotic display she had become dejected and walked along meekly head and tail hanging . 
sadness  On this occasion City accepted with relish the chances which came their way and inflicted serious psychological damage on their dejected opponents . 
sadness  Depression flattens the voice almost to monotony ; movement is slowed and a dejected facial expression is characteristic of many people when they are in a low mood . 
sadness  When Allen at last found a crevice secure enough to trust to he looked over to find that he was peering into the little courtyard onto the rain-wet backs of the dejected horses . 
sadness  Then they walked away humbled and dejected . 
sadness  I felt frustrated angry utterly dejected . 
sadness  A dejected Allen added : ` You ca n't give John Aldridge chances like that -- he is a quality finisher . 
sadness  I felt pierced to the heart dejected and lonely . 
sadness  Tennyson discloses that the setting of Mariana is in Shakespeare 's Measure for Measure where the dejected Mariana resides alone in a moated grange . 
sadness  But Kirkwood who was a particularly dejected figure after Monday 's decisive 1-0 defeat by Canada injected some pride back into Irish ranks in the dying seconds when he flicked home the winner . 
sadness  Meanwhile the dejected opposition leader John Hewson reacted to his crushing defeat yesterday by abandoning key policies which he had trumpeted as essential for Australia . 
sadness  His head craning neck ; one moment high straining to the ceiling ; then a sigh utter dejection dropped down between his knees his forehead pressed to the floor . 
sadness  He wandered around in a state of utter dejection belonging nowhere . 
sadness  McColgan slumped in deep dejection said afterwards : ` It was just a bad race on my part . 
sadness  Back in his office McCready threw himself into his chair in deep dejection . 
sadness  Very likely he was simply lying on his bed in a state of dejection and perhaps of remorse for his massacre of " the possessions " which was now generally thought not to have been necessary . 
sadness  It is also likely that by providing minimum standards of living social services reduce public apathy and dejection and thus maintain the will to work . 
sadness  The sun was shining the next morning but the brightness of the day did nothing to dispel Eline 's feelings of dejection . 
sadness  Merrill laughed at her dejection . 
sadness  The journey was taken at a leisurely pace because of the trailer yet despite her dejection Matt 's reminiscences caused it to pass rapidly . 
sadness  In it a deeply depressed Spiro 46 makes several rambling statements about his money problems . 
sadness  He felt suddenly deeply depressed . 
sadness  For the more depressed and lonely people who have few if any outside contacts counselling can appear to deepen the very feelings that it is seeking to alleviate especially in the early stages . 
sadness  As he told Barbara afterwards he had never felt more depressed . 
sadness  Interpersonal arguments and difficulties were also a more common feature of the experiences of depressed patients than of the comparison group . 
sadness  Now Endill felt really depressed . 
sadness  After the operation you may feel sick or very depressed -- this is the effect of the trauma of the operation and of the anaesthetic . 
sadness  I 'm very depressed and have tried to commit suicide several times . 
sadness  By this time I was beginning to think that Eric was either dead or had chosen to forget me and I felt very depressed . 
sadness  He became very depressed for some time before he could reassess himself start to use his considerable abilities and begin courting his wife again . 
sadness  Unfortunately Chris 's health suffered and she became very depressed . 
sadness  But he 'd become depressed about his exams and could n't concentrate on his work . 
sadness  Have we become so depressed about any real prospect of newness that we 've decided to enjoy our chains masochistically dwelling on our miseries and inadequacies ? 
sadness  So I got very very depressed about it all and I just said to the officers ` Put me in my cell and leave me alone . 
sadness  I got more and more depressed . 
sadness  Upon recovering he admitted he had been extremely depressed since the death of his wife from cancer a year earlier and now did not think he had anything to live for . 
sadness  The mood by this time may be more depressed as they start to look at their own problems as opposed to those of their partner . 
sadness  When I was 15 I was in a depressed state and I thought I 'll do these last paintings about the end of the world and then I 'll end it . 
sadness  She was deeply depressed and felt guilty about her depression . 
sadness  Marsilid was tried as a treatment for depressed patients and given over a period of weeks rather than days but it had disadnessvantages as well as advantages . 
sadness  The virtual outlawing of the use of ECT in some States in the USA has deprived suicidal depressed patients of an extremely effective and sometimes life-saving treatment . 
sadness  Geographical moves have been found to be third most important in a list of ten precipitants concentrated in the month before the onset of depressive symptoms in forty consecutive clinically depressed patients . 
sadness  Many depressed people just withdraw into themselves they may sleep a lot in the day but have wakeful nights . 
sadness  For example mildly depressed and tired old people used to be given amphetamines . 
sadness  A depressed person may cry a great deal show self-pity and lack of interest in the outside world and have no enjoyment of everyday life even food . 
sadness  Their findings indicate measurable differences between normal and depressed women . 
sadness  He seemed too depressed to do very much wandering round the house like a zombie . 
sadness  I 've heard of women so depressed that they spend their 40th birthday incommunicado having a mini nervous breakdown in bed . 
sadness  Records must not be based on the measurement of subjective impressions such as the number of times parents felt depressed about their child 's behaviour . 
sadness  I felt quite depressed about it . " 
sadness  In the longer term the offspring of depressed mothers are more likely to suffer from childhood depression . 
sadness  The ready availability of a screening questionnaire that mothers at risk can complete under supervision in a few minutes is potentially useful but only if health workers and others can rise to the needs of depressed mothers . 
sadness  If someone mentions things like ration books powdered egg air raids and so on my stomach turns over and I feel quite depressed . 
sadness  It showed some women in a northern English town at the turn of the century ; they were standing under an advertisement for Mazawattee tea and seemed depressed . 
sadness  Her shoulders were slumped and she was walking slowly looking depressed . 
sadness  Every time I go to Cambridge I come back depressed as hell ; then as soon as I am back to a Norfolk class spirits soar again . 
sadness  At first I could not understand -- but then when she had whispering explained properly I was filled with a desolate despairing horror . 
sadness  I am so desolate -- oh but please it is all arranged and say no more . " 
sadness  ` Let me in for I am cold and desolate and hungry . " 
sadness  I was so desolate about Chip . 
sadness  Edwin I would be utterly desolate were it not for my faithful companion here . 
sadness  I felt so desolate and so angry . " 
sadness  Creggan had never in his short life felt so desolate and try as he did he could not rest and fall asleep . 
sadness  Feeling oddly bereft and desolate besieged by Dolly 's incessant chatter Luce was pleased to get back to the hotel . 
sadness  Feeling desolate she climbed back into the car not daring to look at Roman in the silver moonlight . 
sadness  He saw Maud once in the Kurfrstendamm eating alone in a cafe and looking a little desolate with a stack of coins already piled beside her plate although her meal had only just come . 
sadness  She looked utterly desolate and all of her thirty-eight years ; her cheeks seemed to sag and her jaw-line looked heavy . 
sadness  Market Report : Interest rate fears spread despondency 
sadness  The greatest cause of the Prince 's despondency had been the feeling that he served no useful purpose . 
sadness  Producers must believe in their ability and not succumb to despondency . 
sadness  There is nothing new in the experts spreading unwarranted alarm and despondency . 
sadness  In an attempt to counteract despondency to reclaim the green world for itself not solely as a balm for my despair I arranged with Barry 's help an interview with David Ricalde . 
sadness  Through some unexplained process magnetic fields produced by the electric currents flowing in the cables seem to induce say the depressives the darkest feelings of gloom and despondency . 
sadness  I want you and Sheila to know how very much I appreciate the kindness shown to me in my earlier mood of despondency . 
sadness  During the days that followed Brackenbury 's hasty departure Edward 's despondency increased . 
sadness  Following this there was considerable despondency amongst the committee as there seemed to be little hope for the future . 
sadness  Lucille 's despondency was caused by a fear of Sharpe 's death not a British defeat but she dared not articulate such a thought . 
sadness  During the following months the School managed to carry on but the atmosphere must have been one of great despondency . 
sadness  The day was high and bright the salt tang seasoning the after-pulse of summer heat which still hung in the air but nothing could shift my sense of despondency nagging depression . 
sadness  The session had ended with the seven of them grinning broadly their earlier mood of despondency cast aside their sense of unity rebuilt . 
sadness  I remember my despondency in 1926 when Abd al Karim was forced to surrender to the French . 
sadness  And therein lay the extent of his gratitude she realised with a feeling of despondency but to disguise her feelings she added brightly ` When we 're at the hospital we must visit Stella . " 
sadness  Despite moments of despondency de Gaulle himself certainly did not give up hope . 
sadness  Determinedly she put her worries and the root cause of her despondency behind her and tried to think more cheerfully . 
sadness  The euphoria and sense of well-being which accompanied the boom years of the 1980s has been replaced by a mood of despondency as companies and individuals experience the effects of a western-style recession . 
sadness  She knew that his Gothic romance and glossary were being turned down by publisher after publisher and he grew despondent as he rewrote and rewrote again . 
sadness  Diana took the criticism to heart avidly read what was being said about her and became depressed and despondent . 
sadness  She was becoming increasingly despondent about the way things were going . 
sadness  The mood was despairing despondent and war-weary -- apathetic rather than rebellious . 
sadness  And our hero in his turn felt despondent and fearful for his little grey mentor had given him no instructions for this eventuality . 
sadness  It was a pretty despondent group that sat around the fire of the LRDG patrol each sunk in his own thoughts . 
sadness  At first Tony looked lessjoy than before and said he had become somewhat despondent about his lack of progress in finding employment . 
sadness  We are more despondent and needy than ever ! 
sadness  ` Ma " he said in a tentative tone of voice his face going slowly pink with the strain of trying to communicate with his despondent parent . 
sadness  Nigel became despondent but I did n't . 
sadness  Both Mr Pitman Senior and Junior were reps who grew progressively despondent over the standard of rooms and services they encountered on their travels . 
sadness  Protagonists of unity may have been despondent about the loss of the EDC and the European Political Community but were not routed . 
sadness  I 'll have the use of a locker at the airport she trailed off with a despondent sigh . 
sadness  By six o'clock the water had n't arrived and Haverford looking at their despondent faces said ` It 's like a death in the family . " 
sadness  He felt increasingly irritated and despondent . 
sadness  He was beginning to feel a bit despondent about the kind of questions Jean was asking . 
sadness  By comparison she felt drained and despondent . 
sadness  Inevitably some become despondent fearing they will never work again . 
sadness  Privately Juliet was feeling rather despondent . 
sadness  Squeezed like despondent sardines they looked as if they were huddling for warmth . 
sadness  ` Do n't be despondent " she told me . 
sadness  A despondent Renault worker remarked ` It seems to me that we came very close to something new . " 
sadness  Following yesterday 's revival in fortunes the London share market was in a despondent mood as the Treasury deflated hopes of early interest rate cuts . 
sadness  Yeah but she 's a bit despondent now is n't she really ? 
sadness  ` Of course we were devastated but we knew now what had been wrong all along -- and at least they could n't blame me any more . " 
sadness  Clare was devastated and swore that she would never go back to school again . 
sadness  ` I was devastated " he says of missing the semi-final . 
sadness  His poor scrawny hands grip the arms of a wheelchair pushed by his adoring wife with the now familiar expression of a too-bright smile and devastated eyes . 
sadness  In an expression of community sympathy many local children in South Ronaldsay made and sent cards to the four devastated mothers . 
sadness  Julie 's devastated husband Tim 32 was last night preparing to fly from their home in Northampton to identify his wife 's body . 
sadness  Father Hugh Mcaleese said : ` We are devastated but we intend to restore the church to its former glory . 
sadness  ` I was devastated I wanted him back " Carol said after the hearing at Fareham . 
sadness  Fry said his farewells to the players who regarded him as a father figure before heading for home in Bedford a devastated man . 
sadness  He collapsed in a coma at a London club and died hours later in hospital from massive internal bleeding in front of his devastated mum and dad . 
sadness  As he was rushed to hospital his devastated daughter Suzanne went ahead with the service -- not knowing if he would live or die . 
sadness  Yesterday it was also disclosed that glamorous Suzannah Dwyer told her devastated husband of her romance 24 hours before Bates went public with the news at a press conference . 
sadness  Physically she felt devastated . 
sadness  I feel devastated and it is much worse for my poor mother . " 
sadness  Jessica felt more than flustered she felt devastated . 
sadness  ` All her colleagues are devastated she was a popular wee girl . " 
sadness  I sit disconsolate in the snow . 
sadness  ` Give over will yer " pleaded the disconsolate convener slapping jam on his butty . 
sadness  The Brazilian lover was looking increasingly disconsolate . 
sadness  Wycombe were beaten by Bob Taylor 's 82nd-minute winner and their disconsolate boss Martin O'Neill said : ` I was actually looking forward to extra-time because I was so sure we would win . 
sadness  The night outside was drizzling with rain and everyone except himself hurried for a cab ; the flower-sellers were disconsolate . 
sadness  As Clinton was taking up the reins of power a disconsolate President Bush flew back to Washington to make arrangements for the handover . 
sadness  Francis was not totally disconsolate and added : ` The way our fans came behind us is the best I 've ever heard it here and I hope it continues . 
sadness  A disconsolate group of climbers sitting round a kitchen table all lean forward and peer out at the iron-grey clouds rumbling past . 
sadness  She stared until it was hard to know which was herself -- the disconsolate woman in the chill room or the other sorrowful face in the night outside . 
sadness  Wenner would fly in to issue instructions to an increasingly disconsolate staff and Jagger would pay the bills . 
sadness  With a disconsolate sigh she stood up slipped off the towelling robe and threw it over a chair . 
sadness  He looked most disconsolate . 
sadness  ` After he got back I felt like I was in a black hole " groaned a disconsolate Wilkinson after his two hour defeat . 
sadness  Support for the Greens may have shrunk but it was still at the same level as the Liberal Democrats " the third party in Parliament so perhaps Ms Cooke was unduly downcast . 
sadness  Catherine looked downcast and McLeish felt uneasy . 
sadness  Penelope Huntley sat silent through this speech chain-smoking her eyes downcast . 
sadness  Leapor was still downcast about the loss of her job perhaps unable to write much poetry when she met Freemantle . 
sadness  Which was a curious sensation since in fact her eyes were downcast apparently studying the vinyl squares of the floor . 
sadness  Flora 's eyes were downcast too ; they usually were . 
sadness  Cowed he stiffened his stance his eyes slightly downcast . 
sadness  He looked so downcast that even Angalo patted him on the shoulder . 
sadness  Harry released her and once again his expression was downcast . 
sadness  A group of thirty or forty downcast men stood apart in the canter of thin ring their heads and arms hanging slack in attitudes of despair . 
sadness  But one day when the lord was off hunting the fox said : " Friends we are alljoy and contented but our master sometimes seems rather sadness and downcast . 
sadness  ` You must n't be downcast " said Lydia . 
sadness  I might have felt a little downcast at that point only the evening had made me feel more encouraged about my prospects with her than I 'd felt for some time . 
sadness  They gossip and joke and giggle like schoolgirls : very different from their daughters-in-law who are sometimes seen shuffling behind them heavily veiled and silent and with the downcast eyes of prisoners under guard . 
sadness  ` It is a long time since anyone cared for you as tonight you cared for Ana is it not ? " he asked softly his hand coming to tilt her downcast face . 
sadness  ` Forgive me Miss Kyte " said the other lady softly ` but you look quite downcast . " 
sadness  One unnamed area was criticised after it appeared to have industrial dereliction and sadness downcast people . 
sadness  Yet they were not downhearted . 
sadness  I am not downhearted . 
sadness  Kevin Keegan the Newcastle manager was not downhearted even though the result leaves his side deep in relegation trouble . 
sadness  The family are not downhearted ; they have made many people across the country aware of the Trust and their work . 
sadness  All the talk of weddings made Anne feel downhearted and impatient with the secrecy that John insisted on . 
sadness  You ai n't gone and got yourself worked up into a glum mood have you now ? " 
sadness  It was performance that drew applause from a press corps relieved to be approaching the end of at least the first election campaign this year and brought smiles to previously glum ministerial faces . 
sadness  ` You look glum today " Bragg said good-humouredly . 
sadness  The organisation is glum about the social consequences for Europe . 
sadness  The glum look on his face was probably normal . 
sadness  After the coming of the man in the night Miguel had grown glum and thoughtful . 
sadness  ` Then why are you looking so glum ? 
sadness  ` In fact " said Helen ` I 'm not feeling particularly glum about all this . 
sadness  THE glum look on the face of England Manager Graham Taylor says it all but he has no intention of quitting . 
sadness  Leading scorer Paul Wilkinson struck his 20th goal of the season against his former club but looked glum as he left the dressing room . 
sadness  Aside from the fact that Jill is quite capable of carrying her own books her glumness could easily be due to being a young lesbian forced to suppress it and wishing Jack would take his stupid pick-up lines elsewhere . 
sadness  My poor mother was grief-stricken and all alone . 
sadness  A grief-stricken Mr Ellis said yesterday : ` It 's a nightmare . 
sadness  Wren 's grief-stricken mother gives all her daughter 's possessions to Luna . 
sadness  The grief-stricken widow refused to leave her dead husband 's side and even crawled into his bed in a vain attempt to infect herself with his disease . 
sadness  His grief-stricken widow destroyed all his cricket clothes and equipment . 
sadness  Queen Margaret came out of the church a veil covering her grief-stricken face . 
sadness  Lady Cross 's family was too grief-stricken to attend the trial . 
sadness  Sometimes our bodies and minds seek excuses to experience griefs that we may have put aside or denied because we could n't face them at the time . 
sadness  She had assumed that because mother had n't wept or shown grief that her father had n't been loved by anyone but herself and her father 's parents who wept copiously . 
sadness  I experienced tears of real grief for the first time when my granny died . 
sadness  How does it make someone like a woman who has just had an abortion feel having to go to a lavatory to express her grief in tears ? 
sadness  Unless they are given opportunities to express their grief in appropriate ways which can include weeping for loss they will never be able to acquire the creative energy necessary to find a new job . 
sadness  Lives Janet Barron praises the good grief of Ted Walker 
sadness  ` I desire first to go to the palace of Westminster my lord there to greet the queen my mother and tender my condolences -- and to share the grief of my family . " 
sadness  Derby County 's grief at the foot of the first division continues as they went down two one at Crystal Palace . 
sadness  At their graves their families would unite with their beloved over a memorial meal and a drink easing their grief in recreating the family intimacy only transiently ruptured . 
sadness  To some extent adults can choose of their own free will whether to deal with their grief or not . 
sadness  To only a few had he been the devil who gloated over their private grief . 
sadness  Women traditionally show their grief more than men . 
sadness  Sandra Cooper 33 midwife and founder of the Darlington Miscarriage Association said : Women who have had a miscarriage experience grief but they have no record of their unborn child . 
sadness  Now she was mad with grief . 
sadness  She had been experiencing considerable feelings of grief about her husband and had been able to cry on occasions . 
sadness  He stood there stoically hiding his grief as Newlands announced he had received only twelve votes . 
sadness  She looked desperately tired but there were no obvious marks of grief on her face . 
sadness  For the first time Coffin saw the signs of grief on Christopher Court 's face . 
sadness  David coped with his grief by trying to save other youngsters from solvent abuse . 
sadness  At this stage you are normally expected to experience grief when the main feeling is shock . 
sadness  Too much it seemed to me was made of Tom 's grief : his courtship of Araminta was forward-looking and deep grief needs roots in the past . 
sadness  It is things like that which are really destructive to writers who are often brave about illness and pain and resilient after all but the deepest grief . 
sadness  Half a week after that encounter Charlie had heard that his beloved had parted from the man with great grief and was in need of tender care . 
sadness  That certainly did n't sound serious enough to account for her great grief . 
sadness  As you would expect she was overcome with grief . " 
sadness  But for the time being Private Morrison 's family already overcome by grief can only wait and hope his body will be released to them soon . 
sadness  But it was the scene of my first heartbreak . 
sadness  And to complete his heartbreak his car broke down when he was looking for his ninth win of the season at the Italian Grand Prix . 
sadness  I do n't think I could cope with your heartbreak . " 
sadness  That concern turned to heartbreak when they heard of his mother 's grim fate . 
sadness  You must have been heartbroken . " 
sadness  When Annie 's daughter died at the age of five she was heartbroken . 
sadness  A heartbroken Daniels watched this all going on and was moved to break the golden rule of not speaking until spoken to . 
sadness  Heartbroken Maria had to return to the convent and remain a nun for the rest of her life . 
sadness  ` I am heartbroken because football has been my whole life . " 
sadness  Heartbroken Tim Godwin weeps as he tells how he had to tell his 23-month-old daughter Sophie : ` Mummy is n't coming back " . 
sadness  She crammed more living into her 30 years than most people experience in two lifetimes according to her heartbroken parents Ken and Diana . 
sadness  The kids will be heartbroken . 
sadness  And yesterday his heartbroken wife Jane slammed police for failing to find him after she raised the alarm 48 hours earlier . 
sadness  Yesterday the heartbroken teenager who was on the verge of trials with the Royal Ballet said : ` In just one second my life has been wrecked . 
sadness  THE heartbroken mother of transplant donor Paula Moss is leaving England to work as a missionary . 
sadness  Only afterwards when Tommy disappeared and Maudie seemed so heartbroken then I began to wonder . 
sadness  Sitting in front of the looking glass making up her face she hoped that Anthony was all right and not quite as heartbroken as Julia seemed to think he was . 
sadness  Although I have has a lot of support I feel heartbroken about Henri 's future . 
sadness  ` The popular story is that he was so heartbroken he ran off to join a religious order and has since been ordained . " 
sadness  Scorning the establishment they left homes and heartbroken parents . 
sadness  ` I thought they must have had a quarrel " Brand said and I had the impression he was n't heartbroken about it . " 
sadness  His heartbroken mum Colette said : ` Paul is so upset . 
sadness  Surely someone somewhere knows who killed Ann Heron and that person could ease the pain for her heartbroken family . 
sadness  She looked into his eyes and saw terrible pain and inconsolable grief . 
sadness  The boy was broken-hearted and inconsolable . 
sadness  The women wait anxiously and when the boat returns one of its crew has been lost causing inconsolable grief to his young wife . 
sadness  William was inconsolable and unable to settle at home continued to travel extensively . 
sadness  Liza for her part had still seemed inconsolable when she first arrived back at her unit on the edge of Salisbury Plain . 
sadness  There are periods when we feel totally inconsolable . 
sadness  It can be the focus of inconsolable grief ; it inspires poetry and literature symphonies and songs . 
sadness  In the event Maman was inconsolable . 
sadness  He was inconsolable when he found what she 'd done . 
sadness  Yussuf had been quite inconsolable . 
sadness  He was not inconsolable . 
sadness  Vincent agreed too low-spirited to put up any resistance . 
sadness  She sounded a little low-spirited . 
sadness  Sven Hjerson 's lugubrious face lit up in a brief smile . 
sadness  I kept trying to get back to Changez 's lugubrious face which reclined morosely in his good hand as the guests filled the air around him with cultivated noises . 
sadness  The lugubrious publican had seen it as his job to repel strangers and had employed to that end an impressive armoury of taciturnity malevolent glances warm beer and poor service . 
sadness  He was a plodding lugubrious fellow and we were delighted with his Wodehousian name . 
sadness  Bert a lanky lugubrious individual declined . 
sadness  He looked up his lugubrious face pale and Athelstan saw it was tear-stained . 
sadness  He became even more lugubrious . 
sadness  Bathsheba was watching his expression closely and she had never been more miserable . 
sadness  ` If you do n't help me I shall make you more miserable than you have ever been in your life . 
sadness  There I lay half-roasted on one side freezing on the other in a sort of trance more abjectly miserable than I can tell . 
sadness  On one of our visits we found a representative of the Occidental Oil Company stranded there looking most miserable and bedraggled in the morass of mud and pouring rain . 
sadness  Neither of us could wait to get the round over we were so cold and miserable . 
sadness  ` I used to be sadness and pathetic but I 'm not so miserable any more . 
sadness  He was so miserable . 
sadness  Of course I like them ; if I did n't I 'd be utterly miserable . 
sadness  Accordingly I wrote to my parents and having pretended for years that I was relatively joy at school I now confessed that I was utterly miserable and begged them to take me away . 
sadness  They were on the top floor of an old house and he was very cold and very miserable . 
sadness  I 'm very miserable . 
sadness  As he nodded she went on ` I 'd had a bit of a knock in -- in a relationship with a man in London and I was very miserable over Elise 's death . 
sadness  And when I first got an inkling the little was far worse than none and I became melancholy and miserable . 
sadness  Every day they became more miserable . 
sadness  As Joe and Biddy became a little more cheerful discussing my possible plans for the future I became more miserable . 
sadness  I feel really miserable to tell the truth . 
sadness  When the reaction set in she had felt utterly miserable . 
sadness  Sheila Williams was feeling miserable . 
sadness  Five minutes went by as she reflected that Rosemary must be feeling as miserable as Travis then checking to see that Travis was all right as she passed she went to bed . 
sadness  The dog seems anxious to get the harness on ; indeed all through the trip the dogs are always keen to pull and seem miserable when they are tied off for the night . 
sadness  They seemed demoralized and miserable operating an endless mechanical process . 
sadness  ` I 'm too miserable to eat . " 
sadness  I was too miserable to giggle but I wondered if the fiances had when he postured on his lawn . 
sadness  As I read it I was sadness to think how miserable Anne had been in a big house away from home where no one understood her . 
sadness  Now her vivid imagination had no difficulty in showing her how Mark 's last drive alone must have been how miserable he must have felt . 
sadness  She missed him and missed the companionable secrecy of their relationship but she was not miserable about it . 
sadness  She in turn had been drawn to him at the time when she was miserable about Jean-Pierre . 
sadness  As Michael Codron told me : ` Ken remained very loyal to it even though he was miserable about it . 
sadness  It was the kind of life that ` was making life miserable in the extreme for her and since I felt responsible for her it was making me miserable too . 
sadness  Loads of my friends are miserable over the way they look and the media are basically saying ` Yes you 're right to be miserable . 
sadness  ` Harry we 're going to make ourselves miserable beyond measure if we go on like this . 
sadness  If as she suspected Elizabeth was miserable because of that dreary village sawbones then it was dishonest and unlikeable of her to pretend that it was because of her sister-in-law . 
sadness  He must be miserable . " 
sadness  To misquote you : he is itinerant because he is miserable . " 
sadness  Brian Davies also from near Coventry had entered some immense pumpkins and marrows but seemed mournful . 
sadness  On the other hand the most important person the cameraman wore jeans and a Micky Mouse T-shirt over which his mournful deadpan moon face shone incongruously . 
sadness  It is her whole situation -- she is so mournful and silently accusing and sometimes Robert I think her as mad as Landor with all this nonsense she makes of the Bible from time to time . 
sadness  His face was completely serious even slightly mournful . 
sadness  He was at the graveside looking mournful and interesting . 
sadness  He had a narrow mournful face tapering to a long pointed chin . 
sadness  They 'd had a skinful so were n't in a particularly noticing mood but they saw and heard nothing nothing except what they described as a kind of mournful whistling coming from deep in the wood . " 
sadness  Gloom on the other hand sees a noisy grimy city with crowded underground stations overpriced restaurants jostling strangers and mournful faces . 
sadness  ` It gobbled up the bird in one go " said a mournful bird-watcher yesterday . 
sadness  There was the mournful sound of human voices and then a jolt . 
sadness  I could n't bear the mournful look on his face . 
sadness  How dare you seem so mournful . " 
sadness  He was drawn to such slow mournful music and he carried it with him everywhere . 
sadness  Joe sat with his head in his hands not hearing the mournful sound of a tug edging shorewards in the direction of the docks or the lonely cry of the seagulls overhead . 
sadness  With her long hair drooping round her face and her large mournful eyes she looked like a lost basset-hound puppy . 
sadness  The merchant 's long face was even more mournful and the friar was sure the man had been crying . 
sadness  The Counts were well pleased at this ; but all the people of the land were sorrowful . 
sadness  Tero followed them at a distance watching her new friend with sorrowful anxious eyes . 
sadness  Elizabeth Mowbray 's face was pale and tense her sorrowful mien reflecting the newly sombre mood of the court . 
sadness  Not from irritation but because she knew it was a lie and felt sorrowful because of Alice . 
sadness  Coventry turned and looked at him a long dark sorrowful stare . 
sadness  Then the toot of a trumpet and the clown with the enormous sorrowful eyes was coming at her in her ring-side seat and she wanted to run away . 
sadness  His liquid eyes were sorrowful and the ends of his moustache drooped . 
sadness  Then he relaxes into a sorrowful smile like when you remember someone you loved who died a long time ago . 
sadness  Moreover I disliked the Lady Eleanor intensely with her sorrowful face and moping ways . 
sadness  One of the three khthons began to hum a sorrowful melody . 
sadness  The poem interlocks the narrative description with Mariana 's own sorrowful moans . 
sadness  Athelstan rubbed his mouth with his thumb and gazed directly at Cranston 's sorrowful face . 
sadness  Philippa thought perhaps this news benefits the king but it brings sorrow for the rest of us . 
sadness  Jacob filled to the brim with sorrow for the woman whom despite everything he had loved . 
sadness  Psalm 13 put her own question well &mdash'How; long shall l take counsel in my soul having sorrow in my heart daily ? 
sadness  As the tartan army drowned its sorrows in the bars of Soho Frank preferred a candlelit dinner . 
sadness  ` I have naught to offer you " the youth was saying and there was sorrow in his voice . 
sadness  There was genuine sorrow in the producer 's voice . 
sadness  June Barraclough 's A Time to Love ( Methuen 12.95 ) spans both World Wars and paints a vivid picture of the loves and sorrows of the characters in the lives of two women friends . 
sadness  Yet the sorrow of Leibnitz were he to have needlessly destroyed it is described as ` a natural feeling for a humane man " . 
sadness  Help us to become more aware of the needs the joys and the sorrows of our brothers here . 
sadness  The look of reproach and sorrow on her face cut into him far more deeply than any angry words could have done . 
sadness  But the parting has brought some sweet sorrow to her and her landlord . 
sadness  Miss Worthington often felt it would have been an unendurable sorrow to her parents if they had lived to witness the extent of the deterioration . 
sadness  He was a man drowning his sorrows he 'd decided . 
sadness  There were dry gingers and tonics prepared for the whiskies and gins which everyone hoped would drown the star 's sorrows . 
sadness  My hand caresses the surging wind ; I am deeper drowned in sorrow . 
sadness  They were young but they walked bent in sorrow . 
sadness  MOST of those who read Glenys Roberts 's moan ( March 15 ) and who know Monaco felt I suspect more sorrow for the author than disdain for the place . 
sadness  He could see sorrow in the dark eyes which glowed as if there were candles burning behind them . 
sadness  Other people 's sorrows on the whole weigh lightly on our shoulders : a merciful provision . 
sadness  I drowned my sorrows on the school goalposts as football was banned . 
sadness  Taking as his theme the great rivers of the world the Ganges the Jordan the Mississippi the Clyde -- and of course the Boyne -- he weaves a tapestry evoking both sorrow and joy . 
sadness  The reporter treading delicately had asked if it was a great sorrow to her when she and Walter separated . 
sadness  ` But I feel dismay sorrow for so many people in our country who do not share this personal good fortune and who as a result of further years of Tory government will experience further disadvantage . 
sadness  Jesus felt despair and sorrow to such an extent that there is a mood of desperation in the story . 
sadness  As his wife as his Louise had slipped there was no friend with whom he could share the sorrow he felt over his son . 
sadness  Yet she suffered his grief with him wanting to share his sorrow hoping that she could alleviate some of his pain . 
sadness  The Irish President Mary Robinson had earlier said she shared the sorrow and anguish of the people of her country . 
sadness  He looked so woebegone . 
sadness  Hepzibah looked at Carrie 's woebegone face . 
sadness  ` God give me strength " he yelled instantly turning his attention back to the younger man who stood before him and whose woebegone expression would have been comical were it not so pitiful . 
sadness  ` I had to rush around trying to find a farmer with a cart who might be going where I wanted " Katz lamented his woebegone countenance matching his sorry tale . 
sadness  Liz must have looked as woebegone as she felt when they staggered into the stuffy carriage because Barbara had burst out laughing . 
sadness  Her Mum smiled at the woebegone face . 
sadness  Len looked apologetic and woebegone and mumbled something about not letting down his mates . 
sadness  But she was torn by her daughter 's despair . 
sadness  A merciful wave was closing over it healing her despair . 
sadness  Jamie Hill defending said Glorney 's marriage had broken down and his despair manifested itself in him turning to drink and committing offences . 
sadness  When Lansdowne communicated his despair about the war to the press in 1917 and called for negotiations there was a storm of protest . 
sadness  As he stared at the torment fury and despair in her face he knew that Clare would not forgive him . 
sadness  The despair in their father 's voice had sent a sudden chill of apprehension through the brothers . 
sadness  The profound anguish and hopeless despair of this woman in the face of what she believed to be the moral ruin of her whole life can not well be described . 
sadness  Since last May many of these same passers-by have come face to face on their TV screens with the agony desolation and despair of the people of Ethiopia and the Sudan . 
sadness  ON a day which saw a host of prophets confounded -- and a month of near despair for many Conservative loyalists -- the reputation of one sage is intact . 
sadness  Rune frowned as his eagle-eyed regard read the despair on her face . 
sadness  From the despair in the parson 's eyes the doctor saw that this remedy had already been tried to no avail . 
sadness  But he could not watch her terrible despairs without participating in them ; increasingly he found he was as paralysed by them as she was herself . 
sadness  Many parents experience deep pain and despair about their teenage children . 
sadness  Gabriel forgot his own sadness when he saw the bitterness and deep despair on the farmer 's face . 
sadness  Shelley sat down beside the patient and smiled at him the cheerfulness coming from somewhere behind her deep despair . 
sadness  By calling on his fellow socialists to perform the equivalent of a collective hara-kiri he paradoxically appears to have given them back hope of a new life at the moment of their deepest despair . 
sadness  Evelyn had never experienced such utter despair . 
sadness  The tears came and rapidly dissolved her angry expression to one of utter despair . 
sadness  Through a swell of tears Ruth stared incredulously at the bundle and felt such despair that she feared she would drop the child . 
sadness  She glanced down at the linoleum in despair . 
sadness  Perhaps it was despair that made me believe there was one person in the world who might know that I was in despair . 
sadness  That he forgot his guest in his despair sadness 
 surprise  He looked down at her astonished face with darkly angled brows 
 surprise  His eyes flared over her astonished face 
 surprise  Her astonished eyes were taking in his costume : gold-embroidered satin jacket knee breeches and jabot of the eighteenth century 
 surprise  He discovered to his astonishment that Frank now professed atheism 
 surprise  It was a measure of Arnold 's astonishment that he used the dialect expression of concern 
 surprise  She realised with astonishment that he was actually pleading 
 surprise  He stopped becoming aware of the glare from his uncle and the frank astonishment from his agent 
 surprise  Theanger and astonishment in her face gave way to something very like pity 
 surprise  The boy bowed again enjoying her astonishment in the same way he had enjoyed the applause of the T'ang earlier that day when he had played Tsu Tiao 
 surprise  I heard no more of the debate and to the astonishment of my fellow delegates I stormed out of the auditorium and locked myself away in the Ladies to howl out my rage alone 
 surprise  It was there that same until-then-pleasant morning to the astonishment of all the workers in the Library that Stour stumbled into the Great Chamber and laid his burden down 
 surprise  I chuckled at the astonishment on her face 
 surprise  Suddenly to the Collector 's astonishment the Padre gripped him by the throat and shouted : " A matter of opinion ! surprise 
 surprise  As he drove out of his allotted space to his astonishment he saw Alexandra about to get into her white saloon 
 surprise  Bob sat up on the bed and gazed at her in astonishment 
 surprise  The driver watched in astonishment as the car whacked into the side of his vehicle 
 surprise  Her eyes were wide open and upon her face was an expression of absolute astonishment 
 surprise  Sonia and Helen flung themselves into my arms to Joe 's great astonishment 
 surprise  But when I looked up I saw to my great astonishment a large island in the sky between me and the sun 
 surprise  To her own mild astonishment she murmured ` I 'll try . " surprise 
 surprise  Rebecque could not hide his astonishment 
 surprise  As he looked around he could not hide his astonishment 
 surprise  Chambers shot him a look of astonishment then turned to include Nora surprise 
 surprise  Elaine Morris stared out of the window in astonishment 
 surprise  He left so quickly that she stared in astonishment at the door he had closed behind him 
 surprise  ` A great number " said the astounded Mrs Phelps 
 surprise  ` You keep them " she cried throwing the jewels into the plump lap of the astounded Soapy Finnegan 
 surprise  Before the astounded car owner could react the Prophet had pulled the door shut reached over the back of the driver 's seat and jammed the muzzle of the gun into the man 's neck 
 surprise  What in the world ? began Rose feeling quite bewildered as he let out an amused laugh 
 surprise  Lucy felt slightly bewildered but hid the fact as she turned to Stella 
 surprise  She frowned feeling slightly bewildered 
 surprise  A delighted if somewhat bewildered smile tugging at her own mouth her eyes alight with laughter she watched him melt into the crowds 
 surprise  Schellenberg went out closing the door feeling totally bewildered 
 surprise  Joey seemed bewildered as he put one large hand on his mother 's shoulder 
 surprise  Andrus seemed totally bewildered 
 surprise  At first she was utterly bewildered when he burst out laughing 
 surprise  Kate 's voice was husky and bewildered 
 surprise  BANGOR 'S Alex Lightbody must be the most bewildered bowler in the NIBA this season 
 surprise  By now Nutmeg was so bewildered that he did n't know what to do 
 surprise  Natasha laughed at Maggie 's bewildered expression 
 surprise  Benny looked around him a bewildered expression on his face 
 surprise  He saw the bewildered look on Hencke 's face and led him towards two comfortable chairs which stood on either side of a low occasional table 
 surprise  And she did leaving a very bewildered Ellie to look round her at the well-equipped kitchen and the gently steaming kettle 
 surprise  The sweat of moving packs of eighty pounds through the crush of bewildered nervous men 
 surprise  Some even asked the bewildered woman to sign their jeans 
 surprise  A bewildered Dick Francis walks back to the weighing room as Devon Loch is led away 
 surprise  When she still looked bewildered he said more harshly ` I 'll take the heat off if you 'll show some appreciation . " surprise 
 surprise  Police found the exhausted pensioner bewildered by the roadside 
 surprise  At a nervous and hurriedly arranged press conference the Ibrox publicity machine could barely paper the cracks between the departing boss and his bewildered chairman 
 surprise  Within moments the bewildered assistant cooks had tied the ropes to the cauldron and suspended the boiling mass over a forked spit rest 
 surprise  She just looked up at him with bewildered eyes and he put her firmly away turning to launch himself into the water 
 surprise  Michael frowned at him bewildered 
 surprise  She was feeling hurt and a little bewildered 
 surprise  The children at least the younger ones become bewildered and distraught 
 surprise  A bewildered and shocked survivor can be guided through red tape and practical alternatives can be found as in the case of Liz and Tom who were burgled while on Income Support 
 surprise  Depressed and bewildered because it had inexplicably impaired his ability to think and concentrate he soon guessed that his paralysis and clumsiness would make him always dependent on a wheelchair 
 surprise  What had once been a largely invisible world of mental hospitals private suffering and professional services now appears in local communities as homelessness strange persons in public and bewilderment about who is responsible for whom 
 surprise  She squinted in bewilderment at the ten or so boarders who had formed her little band of helpers 
 surprise  " No " I said trying to sound convincing but daunted by the simple bewilderment in his face 
 surprise  ` Carpenter ? " her father asked with a tinge of bewilderment in his voice 
 surprise  She did n't want to trouble the penguin with the bewilderment in her eyes 
 surprise  The old hands at machine knitting glibly talk about ` two-thirties " to the bewilderment of the newcomers at the knitting club 
 surprise  The bewilderment of the child Nizan can not be overstated 
 surprise  Scott ran a hand through his hair bewilderment on his face 
 surprise  Downstairs in the lobbies Tories were running around in equal bewilderment over the Speakership 
 surprise  To her bewilderment they both dissolved into giggles 
 surprise  She saw his fear his bewilderment and above all a kind of astonishment at the enormity of the complications that lay ahead 
 surprise  The other side of the story is the pain felt by women when their children suffer and their bewilderment when that suffering is self-inflicted 
 surprise  His voice was as sensual as raw silk but when he saw her bewilderment his eyes drifted over to Mandy 's table 
 surprise  Gloria stared her mouth agape then turned to Ruth in bewilderment 
 surprise  She got up and checked the wardrobes and her bemusement became sheer bewilderment 
 surprise  A frown of exasperation lined her brow as she shook her dark head in bewilderment 
 surprise  Sonny turned in bewilderment to Johnny then lumbered out after his brother 
 surprise  To those workers who profess bewilderment as to how they might help who feel their knowledge in sexual matters is insufficient or are doubtful of their capabilities for sexual counselling and aid one would suggest that they raise the matter within their training departments 
 surprise  The rest simply stood in a state of considerable bewilderment trying to ensure that they had not only accurately recorded but also understood what Woolton had said 
 surprise  Shiona frowned at the phone in total bewilderment 
 surprise  Most will privately confess to an initial sense of utter bewilderment but necessity will drive them to adapt to their new way of life 
 surprise  Her lovely face reflecting her complete and utter bewilderment she queried slowly ` Why on earth would I want to claim kinship ? " surprise 
 surprise  Constance looked at him in bewilderment 
 surprise  Mr Stokill must have noticed my look of bewilderment 
 surprise  He paused as his mother stared at him in bewilderment 
 surprise  She seemed flabbergasted but rallied and asked me if I would look in at the Gray Mare in Kilburn and say ` hello " to her son Joe Kelly who worked there 
 surprise  I tell you I was flabbergasted and right terrified out of my wits 
 surprise  Charles was absolutely flabbergasted but he had n't really got time to analyse his reactions 
 surprise  ` At first I was too flabbergasted to do anything 
 surprise  Utterly flabbergasted Leith began to realise that he was accusing her of announcing their ` engagement " to all and sundry 
 surprise  Rachel had been nonplussed 
 surprise  She was totally nonplussed 
 surprise  Mait was momentarily nonplussed but soon recovered as he mentally ran through the possible effects of this on his plan 
 surprise  It is also worth speculating on the fate of what must have been a nonplussed Christopher Chryselius Sir John Pennington must have been thoroughly annoyed at the outcome too 
 surprise  He looked quite nonplussed 
 surprise  Usually so mentally attuned so aware of what she was thinking and feeling he looked angry and nonplussed unable to understand her withdrawal 
 surprise  Ethel shook her head in puzzlement but a gleam had been coming into Eames 's eyes 
 surprise  Emily could see his puzzlement 
 surprise  Quick -- sign the register get out escape from the puzzlement in her eyes 
 surprise  I pointed out that I kissed Frankie but she dismissed my puzzlement 
 surprise  Claudia frowning turned to gaze at him in total puzzlement 
 surprise  Had witnessed her puzzlement and then her shocked surprise as she realised what it was 
 surprise  Paul 's tone and expression showed his puzzlement 
 surprise  He could see Harry 's puzzlement 
 surprise  And now she could see the puzzlement on everyone 's face 
 surprise  He saw her glance up in puzzlement and ask why he was still fully dressed 
 surprise  Pitching my voice to a tone of mild puzzlement I called ` What 's a rattlesnake doing up here ? " surprise 
 surprise  Her brow creased in puzzlement 
 surprise  ` Can it really work ? " enquired his startled colleague 
 surprise  Gus said : ` Of course ! " in a slightly startled voice and visibly withdrew his vision and his thoughts from some distant preoccupation in which she had no part 
 surprise  They burst in on the somewhat startled signalman who was puzzled by the dramatic appearance of the two familiar faces 
 surprise  The man turned round and looked at Robyn with startled eyes 
 surprise  Their heads were close together and as he appeared they all looked up in unison with startled faces and fell silent 
 surprise  His eyes were so far out of his head that he looked like a startled grasshopper 
 surprise  She looked startled when I snapped at her : ` What have they worked out ? " surprise 
 surprise  The girl looked startled 
 surprise  Maurice seemed startled 
 surprise  Jinny was so startled that she nearly kicked the bucket over 
 surprise  Corbett stopped his horse and turned to the startled Ranulf 
 surprise  She gave him a startled glance 
 surprise  And having made the mistake a bird seldom gets a second chance for the startled butterfly takes off not in the direction the bird might have expected but apparently backwards 
 surprise  He laughed at Claudia 's startled expression 
 surprise  No less a person than Gloria Estefan rang my startled publisher before leaving London to order the Ology book because she was crazy for the commercials 
 surprise  Ana started to laugh and Mitch gave her a startled glance and then laughed ruefully too giving her a hug 
 surprise  Then his startled gaze met the glowing eyes above the white patch of the handkerchief the man was holding at his mouth 
 surprise  ` About what dear ? " she asked in a startled voice 
 surprise  Before she could utter the cry of alarm which rose in her throat his hand had closed over her mouth and Paige 's startled eyes blinked at him over the top 
 surprise  Lucy felt startled but forced herself to remain calm 
 surprise  Herman startled but pleased moved in only to be disconcerted as Erika pushed him away 
 surprise  Israel and I pushed by the startled and helpless usher and swaggered into the arena dressed in our Mau Mau uniforms 
 surprise  The man stared at her in stunned silence his chest rising and falling with some kind of agitation 
 surprise  The Germans still seemed stunned 
 surprise  The man seemed stunned 
 surprise  With a last quizzical look at her slightly stunned expression he waited for Mike to join him then both men walked out of the suite leaving her alone with Ace 
 surprise  Then Isabel saw Ellen 's stunned face and realised that her maid at least did not know she had spent the night alone 
 surprise  For a moment there was a stunned silence from his workmates and then pent-up breath was released in what seemed like a communal sigh before the chief waggoner yelled ` Come on ! surprise 
 surprise  Anne watched her for a few moments in stunned silence trying to decide if she meant what she had said 
 surprise  I am stunned to find him so fine and ruddy in the startling bleak white of this room ; so handsome in the face of my decay my washed-out skin and faded eyes my smears of blood and perspiration 
 surprise  A stunned Mrs Hanley said as she left court : ` We never wanted anybody to go to prison over this . " surprise 
 surprise  The Odones were left stunned when they were told in 1984 at the Children 's Hospital in Washington DC that their fun-loving brilliant six-year-old son -- he already spoke three languages -- had ALD and was under sentence of death 
 surprise  In front of stunned mourners he told grieving widow Linsay Robinson to ` pay up or else " 
 surprise  In her ` Daughter of Evil " ( McShane 1980 ) she stresses her own lifelong affection for her mother and her stunned reaction at being convicted and sentenced 
 surprise  First of all the crowd was stunned and then they erupted giving Allan a marvellous reception on his lap of honour But the night was yet young 
 surprise  The next thing he knew he was lying on the floor half stunned beans everywhere 
 surprise  When anything important happens you 're stunned and thrown out for a while and then you recover surprise 
 surprise  She looked stunned almost like a sleepwalker 
 surprise  Maggie was stunned but not for long ; her temper surfaced 
 surprise  ` Tears of rage and despair have been shed by SNP workers and our voters are stunned 
 surprise  Shadow ministers who had been behaving as if they were about to move into Whitehall looked stunned and shattered 
 surprise  Most Germans looked on stunned as the results from the two state elections on 5 April flashed across their television screens 
 surprise  Julia stunned but dry-eyed had given her statement to the police 
 surprise  He was a bit stunned and rushed home to raise the alarm 
 surprise  She took two or three large breaths over the top of her bag of groceries while Mrs Stych watched her stupefaction with complacency 
 surprise  I can understand the apparent stupefaction of all parties 
 surprise  Taking advantage of Guy 's momentary stupefaction she wriggled out from under him and leapt off the bed everything forgotten but the need to escape from something she dared not put a name to 
 surprise  Another step forward and Pooley noted to his utter stupefaction that it had vanished altogether into empty air 
 surprise  Downes shook his head in stupefaction 
 surprise  Athelstan sat in complete stupefaction drinking his beer as Cranston cleared every platter washing it all down with another bowl of claret 
 surprise  Except the O'Neil family in the first row of the circle who sat in stupefied amazement hardly believing what they had witnessed 
 surprise  If the birds are disturbed during the process there could be large numbers of stupefied birds fluttering amongst the traffic as the morning progresses with public complaints resulting " the report stated 
 surprise  It was Blackberry who bullied the stupefied Pipkin to his feet and forced him to limp the few yards to the gravel spit 
 surprise  He woke stupefied flicking his tongue over his parched lips like a reptile 
 surprise  Laura stared up at Ross in stupefied amazement 
 surprise  The pain had faded into the background and she was starting to feel stupefied her head stuffed with cotton wool her eyes heavy 
 disgust  If you do feel revolted when you watch the patient eat you should not feel guilty about it but neither should you let yourself become irritable with the patient over it 
 disgust  She was simultaneously pleased revolted and delighted 
 disgust  A Swedish couple and a German guy sitting near me were on their feet that sickened expression on their faces too 
 disgust  THE Government 's cash-before-care NHS shake-up has come under fire -- from sickened hospital managers 
 disgust  Floy and Snodgrass unable to look away were sickened and awed 
 disgust  She felt sickened and sadnessdened beyond words and for the first time she wished that this thing had not happened to her 
 disgust  THE sickened owner of a horse which was attacked in its stable at Newton Bewley near Hartlepool is appealing for help in tracking down the thugs responsible 
 disgust  The Leader of the House G V Wright expressed revulsion at the shocking act of IRA terrorism 
 disgust  Mixed with his revulsion was also a tiny feeling of excitement 
 disgust  She closed her eyes to hide her revulsion as he pressed his open mouth against hers and began fumbling with the buttons of her bush shirt 
 disgust  As she turned to walk on she shivered affected by a chilliness that seemed to be an expression of her revulsion 
 disgust  ` God what an accursed night ! " mumbled Mr Beckenham and sipping his liquor he looked over the makeshift meal with revulsion 
 disgust  Leonora shook her head in revulsion 
 disgust  And when her words caused a peculiar revulsion within him 
 disgust  ` T was to stop you becoming completely distraught but I was afraid to look at you afraid to come to you that night in case I saw fear or revulsion in your eyes . 
 disgust  We therefore have a clashing interest of views over whether to feel sympathy or revulsion about Blanche 
 disgust  He began to kiss her and Dinah knew slight revulsion ; if only he would leave her alone for once ! disgust 
 disgust  Homosexuality aroused revulsion in about a quarter of the respondents another quarter seeing it as sick odd or ridiculous 
 disgust  There was world-wide revulsion when the IRA exploded a bomb during a Poppy Day service in Enniskillen in the late 80s 
 disgust  Sam was thoroughly disgruntled because the boy from the bistro had failed to appear 
 disgust  Several times Gedge had persuaded him to stay with the band when he had become disgruntled and ` warnings " had not been given because he ostensibly wanted to leave anyway 
 disgust  Shortly after he spoke the first of what could become a flood of disgruntled clergy announced he was leaving the Church of England 
 disgust  You arrest somebody maybe a drunk the next day he 's feeling a little disgruntled and almost inevitably he 'll make a complaint disgust 
 disgust  He felt too let-down and disgruntled 
 disgust  In any event a dissatisfied enquirer can be a disgruntled member ! disgust 
 disgust  However the existence of a potential rival no matter how eccentric meant that there was an alternative fascist allegiance open to disgruntled members of the BUF 
 disgust  The New Zealand-born but peripatetic investor was speaking at GPG 's annual meeting in London where he faced tough questioning from a disgruntled shareholder about accounting practices and future strategy disgust 
 disgust  The articles are on public record and the purchaser runs the risk of a disgruntled shareholder seeking to have the sale set aside if its consent was not obtained 
 disgust  Troubled Premier John Major now faces huge protests from disgruntled workers if the cash goes towards creating jobs overseas 
 disgust  It was done on the receivers orders to stop disgruntled workers taking demonstration vehicles from the site 
 disgust  I understand the mood but if some of them are disgruntled they are entitled to call an EGM 
 disgust  A comic romp starring Billy Crystal in which a group of disgruntled New Yorkers play out their frontiersmen fantasies on a two week cattle-drive in New Mexico 
 disgust  Senator Sherman had shot marginally less well than his son and was openly disgruntled about this 
 disgust  A reader disgruntled in large proportion sat down to work out how much of his salary he would have to hand over to the Inland Revenue heavy mob for the past year 
 disgust  A disgruntled father whose two sons have been on several skiing fortnights feels school trips are run primarily for the teachers ' convenience 
 disgust  County had lost six of their last eight League games at the Baseball Ground which had prompted disgruntled supporters to call for the resignation of manager Arthur Cox 
 disgust  John Devereux and Kevin Ellis toured with the Lions but there were a number of unlucky and disgruntled Welshmen left behind 
 disgust  A disgruntled postman rang up a radio chat show to complain and found himself spearheading an anti-Florio movement that culminated in 50 000 people marching on the state capitol 
 disgust  This disgruntled minority has a disturbing impact on the performance of other pupils 
 disgust  ` You are all bloody mad " screamed the disgruntled player in a high piping voice 
 disgust  Zen preferred to think that some alert recruiting officer somewhere realizing the appalling threat a disgruntled Gilberto would pose outside the law had bent the rules to let him in 
 disgust  Yet a disgruntled secretary or one left unemployed by dismissal or the death or recall of his master might easily be tempted to profit by the information he had acquired in his work 
 disgust  A statement was issued from Ibrox yesterday detailing the unsatisfactory nature of the dealings with Bernard Tapie 's club while expressing regret that there was nothing more Rangers could do on behalf of their now disgruntled fans 
 disgust  Darren looking small and extremely disgruntled was slumped in the front left-hand seat 
 disgust  Lord Beddington was somewhat disgruntled 
 disgust  The horse having been abandoned in the traces for twenty-four hours was utterly disgruntled 
 disgust  ` Everybody in this town including the stuffed seagull shop seems to reckon they can sell books " said a disgruntled Mr Coward 
 disgust  But freer travel to the West which is one of the benefits Bonn extracted also increased disgruntlement with things at home 
 disgust  The disgruntlement among its two million members is almost palpable 
 disgust  Her disgruntlement arose from the now obvious fact that the prince was enamoured of Joan 
 disgust  Then there was the American sprinter Jesse Owens who swept to victory in the Berlin Olympic Games of 1936 much to the disgruntlement of Hitler 
 disgust  He 'd play her along until she got fed-up and started making too many demands 
 disgust  They can bejoy and cheerful but they can also get fed-up frustrated angry disappointed and hurt inside -- just like real people 
 disgust  Now fed-up locals want the name of their quiet cul-de-sac in Studley Warwickshire changed -- unless BBC chiefs drop the flop of a show first 
 disgust  A RUSTY old gasometer which fed-up local residents want demolished because ` it 's a blot on the landscape " has been compared to some of Italy 's most beautiful buildings 
 disgust  What a visiting Londoner sees as the soaring grandeur of New York a fed-up New Yorker sees as sunlight deprivation 
 disgust  Now fed-up councillors are planning to meet officials from the Re-Roof Housing Association 
anger  There was anger in Jacob 's voice and stance as he led her towards Sylvie 's bedroom . 
anger  The anger in her voice took him aback . 
anger  Driving back she managed to keep her anger in control . 
anger  One insider said last week : ` The sheer anger of people has taken everybody by surprise . 
anger  He was court martialled but to the anger of the unpopular Governor was acquitted . 
anger  He also incurred the anger of the apothecaries who were afraid of being put out of business if all their complex mixtures were swept away . 
anger  This time with deepening anger on the streets over price liberalisation the hardliners were not to forgo their chance . 
anger  He said nothing and from the anger on his face she saw that he did n't think he owed her a reply . 
anger  ` No better to limit the damage control his anger make nothing of it pretend he did n't mind . 
anger  As he released his anger he felt his love for his ex-wife and wept over their divorce . 
anger  His granddaughter's anger so like his own took some of the sting out of Ballater 's wrath . 
anger  His mounting anger was making his speech more and more incomprehensible through his stroke-stiffened mouth . 
anger  He said : ` Community anger is running high . 
anger  His face darkened with anger . 
anger  The guard stiffened in anger . 
anger  Mr Jones exploded in anger . 
anger  There were rumours of anger among the grain farmers who were being given IOUs instead of cash for their crops . 
anger  She showed her anger in public by virtually ignoring Charles . 
anger  He looked away a bitter anger in his eyes . 
anger  A terrible furious impotent anger filled him making him want to strike out to shout and scream . 
anger  Clive Greenacre was not only put out when his agoraphobic wife started to express her anger about his callous behaviour but also amazed by the sexual demands she then started to make on him . 
anger  ` Robots " he said ` gave me a means of venting my anger " a remark whose logic baffled me until I read another ` Logic alone can not explain this . " 
anger  There is always a moment in time when we can make a decision whether or not to vent our anger . 
anger  Bernice was so angry she could hardly speak . 
anger  Even so becoming angry when travel arrangements go wrong can hardly help . 
anger  So you can see why mothers get angry when they discover that even everyday foods such as apples can cause a build-up of unwanted chemicals in their children 's bodies . 
anger  Always he gets angry when she takes customers home . " 
anger  People were very angry when Admiral Byng failed to attack the French at Minorca and the decision to execute him for cowardice was exactly what the public wanted . 
anger  Piggy had no sense of humour and often got very angry when other boys found things he did amusing . 
anger  Have you ever felt so angry about men that you 've been moved to write a song about it ? 
anger  He was angry about class hypocrisy and the establishment . 
anger  Believing that he had no ` right " to be angry over this mishap Matthew retreated to his bedroom took out a penknife and cut a painful slit in his own hand . 
anger  I could tell she was angry and I was ready to cry but Frankie pulled me roughly back off the step and we turned to leave . 
anger  ` We do n't go to Lightwater Valley " said an equally affronted bus driver . 
anger  Ah was affronted fur her imagine gettin' stuck ` n " huvin' to get rolled on to a stretcher the perr o' them and kerted oot covered up wi' his poplin shortie . 
anger  If you have symptoms that you think may be caused by food intolerance you should not feel affronted if the doctor 's initial questions seem rather personal and irrelevant to the aches and pains being suffered . 
anger  ` I do n't ask about your private affairs now do I ? " he said in a mildly affronted tone . 
anger  The woman was not affronted . 
anger  He ignored the affronted expression that crossed Isabel 's face at this sardonic rejoinder and continued . 
anger  When another patron tried to step in the enraged lover flew at him . 
anger  Then she must sit in the sun before hauling it back up and altogether I was enraged and wished I was in a condition to show her how it should be done . 
anger  Barbarossa sent a mandate requiring Milan to give up her claims but the Milanese consuls tore up the document and the imperial ambassadnessor fled an enraged crowd . 
anger  This act of selfless good nature earned her a fine of one hundred francs and caused a riot in the Latin Quarter when enraged fans besieged the Prefecture of Police . 
anger  When he saw this he was further enraged and started towards the seer with an axe . 
anger  According to Sheila Caan was enraged and charged at her . 
anger  The enraged animal charged into Christopher Rogers pinning him to the ground . 
anger  This can be dangerous work : three field workers in Korup were trapped behind a tree by an enraged elephant after their tranquilliser dart missed its target . 
anger  Furious Tory MPs now want to go to the High Court to force a new ballot . 
anger  Though later when I did the piece in Vienna I was furious when the orchestra showed up with five basses and a dozen first violins . 
anger  Lenin was furious when he learned about it . 
anger  They looked furious when they saw our faces peering in and made frantic signs for us to close the curtains again . 
anger  Mitchum was furious when he heard that . 
anger  She had been furious when she saw my mask was wet . 
anger  Irishman Mr MacSharry was so furious about Mr Delors ' interference that he resigned his post . 
anger  Thames Valley Police are known to be furious about the case . 
anger  Fruit and vegetable growers in the area are furious about the decision . 
anger  His parents were furious over the engagement business . 
anger  The Lancashire members were furious when they heard that Gooch and the other England selectors had axed Red Rose favourite Phil DeFreitas preferring Essex pacemen Neil Foster and Mark Ilott . 
anger  The butcher becomes incensed . 
anger  Lineker became incensed when Taylor went public not only questioning whether Lineker should remain as captain but whether his form justified a place in the side -- even though he was maintaining his phenomenal strike rate . 
anger  Lin Foh seemed incensed but kept his voice down as they reached the outside steps of the Coroner 's Court . 
anger  In her incensed whisper she called me names I did n't understand . 
anger  De Gaulle was incensed ordered Massu 's recall to Paris and against the advice of several senior advisers insisted that Massu should not be permitted to return to his command . 
anger  The bull tossed the effigy out of their hands and became very infuriated . " 
anger  The EC was infuriated . 
anger  In England wild storms swept the country and commuters were infuriated and inconvenienced by the ASLEF dispute . 
anger  The infuriated Milan Cardinal told the city governor that both the Chief of Police and the governor would be excommunicated if Landriani was not immediately released back to the convent . 
anger  An infuriated Charles ordered the battering of Newgate where artillery breached the wall and hit the nearby Carmelite house ( now Whitefriars Museum where Civil War will be displayed ) supposedly killing two of the occupants . 
anger  Lady followed her example rather than suffer at the hands of her infuriated master . 
anger  Matilda looked right back into the flashing eyes of this infuriated female giant and said with total calmness ` I have not moved away from my desk Miss Trunchbull since the lesson began . 
anger  In Oviedo an infuriated mob was only prevented from lynching the distinguished poet Melndez Valds by the appearance of priests with the exposed host . 
anger  The insurance cover is designed to protect intermediaries against suits for damages brought by irate customers . 
anger  Hamnett became irate and alleging breach of contract and damage to her image threatened to sue him for a 500 000 . 
anger  At the sixth congress in 1986 irate delegates rejected a ridiculously optimistic programme that had been drafted in secret by Le Duan the then secretary-general . 
anger  This week an irate mother reportedly stormed into a London school and hauled her 15-year-old daughter out of a class in elementary sapphism . 
anger  The onlookers at first thought this accident was part of the show and were creased with laughter making the poor man even more irate . 
anger  NURSES are being given acting lessons -- to help them cope with irate patients . 
anger  Michael Stein was trying unsuccessfully to calm an irate customer who was arguing about his bill . 
anger  Rebecca went in search of her bag and Lissa sent an irate look in Adam 's direction . 
anger  Thus if a particularly irate husband pronounced the words three times in the heat of the moment the divorce was permanent and could not be reversed . 
anger  There was one teacher who used to get so mad that she would throw slates around with the whole class ducking out of the way . 
anger  He says that he was so mad that he got a knife to scare them . 
anger  I shrug my shoulders for no matter how mad he gets he ca n't duff me in he 's stuck in bed which is his hard cheese . 
anger  How mad we 've been Lyn . 
anger  She really was mad about what she 'd just found in her freezer . 
anger  But he still feels miffed and mystified as to why manager Kevin Keegan discarded him so readily from St James ' Park and why no other Premier League clubs were willing to hire his lethal skills . 
anger  Bank customers are notoriously slow to shift their business even if they are miffed . 
anger  The reporter whose English was stilted and hesitant tried to get an answer from a miffed Atherton who refused saying he had already answered the same question .anger 
anger  Some members of the UN Security Council will be miffed .anger 
anger  But conservatives are also miffed about Foster 's long ties to the Planned Parenthood Federation of America and the fact that his teen-age pregnancy program dispenses contraceptives .anger 
anger  A miffed European Parliament head President Jose Maria Gil -Robles who is visiting Paris promptly canceled a scheduled stop at de Charette 's office --- pending an apology .anger 
anger  If Russia was miffed about the membership plans other East European nations were delighted .anger 
anger  She was offended and took it all personally . 
anger  He hoped she was n't offended as a Times reporter . 
anger  Indenbaum knew how badly Modigliani needed money so he tried to offer him a sum within his means for the beautiful oil but Modigliani was offended and obliged Indenbaum to accept the portrait as a present . 
anger  Nutty was not offended . 
anger  Mrs Friar looked offended but continued . 
anger  The challenge was accepted and amidst cheers from a group of semi-inebriated local husbands the offended owner headed out the door in search of a couple of friendly Gardai . 
anger  In icy tones the offended bureaucrat replied : ` For future reference you will call me Mr Hooton not Richard . " 
anger  The offended Titan lumbered forward and stamped upon one Raider crushing it underfoot . 
anger  The Doctor looked offended . 
anger  Not everybody wants and trailed into silence for Lily 's eyelids were now fluttering holding back offended tears . 
anger  I do n't care if you 're offended that 's the truth . " 
anger  Albert was offended and swung his legs athletically out of bed wincing on the distant side of his face . 
anger  His marriage to Osthryth the sister of King Ecgfrith inhibited him from bestowing royal favour on Wilfrid until Archbishop Theodore engineered a reconciliation of offended parties in 686 . 
anger  The law said nothing about duels between species which were not considered to be human -- although that did not prevent an offended party from seeking recourse . 
anger  I laughed -- I did n't feel offended . 
anger  The elite were offended but the common people loved it . 
anger  He did n't seem offended he did n't exactly appear contrite . 
anger  He looks offended when I tell him he is perceived as a man 's man . 
anger  " A little offended Bagshot put the key in the lock and opened the door . 
anger  He looked offended but I guessed his idea of discretion was swapping his length of lead pipe for a rubber truncheon . 
anger  My hands dart indignantly about my desk as if they were offended mice opening files annotating minutes picking up the receiver . 
anger  That may not however be enough for the offended partner . 
anger  The more resentful and unforgiving Willie Morgan was taken to court and then had to terminate a lucrative six year contract after only nine months . 
anger  ` No " she replied briefly feeling more and more resentful . 
anger  When he took his hand away still saying nothing she felt slightly hurt and resentful . 
anger  Rock became aware that the thrilling magical father who had taken his young son backstage on the road drinking water-skiiing was gradually becoming a resentful tyrant . 
anger  On a recent visit to a day centre which served both younger disabled and old people I was told that old people were envious and resentful when computer learning was introduced for the younger disabled people . 
anger  Residential workers are faced with youngsters who are not only anxious and resentful about family events but may also be mistrustful of those who try to help them . 
anger  Carlie and Harvey feel bitter and resentful about the way they 've been treated . 
anger  I coped at the time but now five years on I feel guilty and resentful about the whole affair . 
anger  In a low resentful voice Cullam said ` I was sick . 
anger  I told Dana I could no longer bear the atmosphere of the city the right-wing bullies the Falangists the deadening work of teaching mostly bored and resentful students . 
anger  He felt their resentful eyes burning the nape of his neck . 
anger  Michelle did not raise her head from Tess 's shoulder and the resentful words were muffled . 
anger  Lucy sent him a resentful glance while adding an explanation for her presence . 
anger  I said I thought Surkov felt resentful because the novels had n't made more money . 
anger  I have grown up to be distrustful of men doubtful of my own goodness extremely resentful and explosively angry . 
anger  She looked a little less resentful than earlier and -- dare he hope it ? -- even slightly anxious for him . 
anger  She felt rather riled . 
anger  At once regretting that she had let herself become riled she delved into her bag and came out with a bar of soap . 
anger  Two could play the same game and the Russian was now riled . 
anger  She 's really riled now . 
anger  And found to his annoyance that he was grinding his teeth . 
anger  It joined me for the rest of the holiday much to the annoyance of my fellow passengers . 
anger  Busking or playing musical instruments in the Underground to the annoyance of other passengers is an offence 
anger  It was after noon by the time we actually got sorted much to the annoyance of the lady from the Public Relations company who had hired us . 
anger  He shows his annoyance with some intimidating facial expression backed up by a sparse selection of adjectival punctuation invariably using the ` f " word which he uses with considerable effect . 
anger  To her annoyance a warm blush was steadily creeping into her cheeks . 
anger  ` I am practical " Jessamy insisted with some annoyance . 
anger  Laura 's normally full warm lips tightened with annoyance . 
anger  Liz suppressed her annoyance before it could take hold . 
anger  She stopped as she saw the look of annoyance on his face . 
anger  Faint annoyance began to show on Major Tzann 's face . 
anger  She turned to Fran faint annoyance crossing her face . 
anger  Robyn leant against the door to the office and found herself experiencing the old familiar surge of deep annoyance . 
anger  To my great annoyance I found myself jealous . 
anger  To Erika 's intense annoyance Fritz promptly accepted the invitation -- obeyed the command rather -- and as Rosa moved on to the floor with another boy she was left feeling abandoned -- and foolish . 
anger  Who can honestly say that they have never been consumed by that intense annoyance never felt that burning but wrenching tension andanger at life 's petty frustrations . 
anger  This causes considerable annoyance to the Germans who find themselves being forced to speak English and say that they will settle the matter ` by decree " . 
anger  ` We are at our wits ; end here " say the airport management ` and this has caused considerable upset and annoyance to the lady owning the number published " . 
anger  It was I thought a measure of her self-control that she had waited until now to express her annoyance . 
anger  His eyes narrowed and she felt a flicker of annoyance this time aimed at herself . 
anger  Dotty flushed with annoyance . 
anger  Wheeler 's fine face flushed with annoyance and he laughed . 
anger  After a day or two the owner became irked and went to the airport to inspect his plane . 
anger  She was absolutely livid . 
anger  ` He was livid . 
anger  Kisling was livid and with the help of some friends managed to grab the sculptor and throw him down the stairwell from the seventh floor . 
anger  He turned a livid stubbled face to the crowd . 
anger  His face was livid and his hand had clapped to his sword . 
anger  Tabitha Campbell-Black was livid because she won a bag of Bailey 's Performance Mix horse feed rather than a T-shirt with a picture of a polo pony on the front . 
anger  Mansell was livid and admitted he ran away from the scene of the accident to avoid being tempted into big trouble . 
anger  City fans are still livid over the clash with Bull that led to skipper Steve Walsh 's sending off in the 3-0 defeat at Molineux three weeks ago . 
anger  LIVID Mia Farrow beat her adopted daughter Soon-Yi with a chair after finding out about her affair with Woody Allen it was claimed yesterday . 
anger  His face was livid and bloody . 
anger  ` He 's livid about Opal . " 
anger  And then of course silly girl she went and told him -- he was so livid he would n't have nothing more to do with her . " 
anger  He was on his feet the chair toppling over behind him his face livid his knuckles white-ridged and aimed at her . 
anger  Sly was left feeling absolutely livid . 
anger  Benedict was on his feet overturning his chair in one violent gesture a face of livid fury turned on Theda . 
anger  He dipped the cotton wool in the water and dabbed at the livid puffy eyes . 
anger  Wayne will be livid when he hears . 
anger  ` You could have lent it to me " Paula said peeved . 
anger  He sifted somewhat peeved through the remaining unopened mail . 
anger  His smile was patient peeved and verysadness . 
anger  Of course Ed was really peeved about how Martinez handled the whole Harley business . 
anger  I 'm not surprised he 's feeling peeved . 
anger  ` I still feel quite peeved about it ; well more than that really . " 
anger  They played throughout the second half in peeved mood allowing Blackburn to assume the dictating role with Gordon Cowans prompting from midfield and Speedie in predatory form up front . 
anger  It was a revelation after the pain of trotting and Nails was cross when Nutty brought it to an end . 
anger  It is not uncommon to hear of old women who are cross when asked to perform domestic tasks in residential care ! 
anger  Sue gets cross about that . 
anger  Agnes noted with alarm that a pink flush was suffusing Dorothy 's face a sure sign of temper and really thought her loyal assistant she had every right to be cross under the circumstances . 
anger  Do n't be cross ! 
anger  He 'll be cross but I 'll go . 
anger  There was really no reason why Star should be cross . 
anger  When they got to the florist and Georg saw his father emerging he really was cross so cross he leapt out from the driver 's seat and intercepted Willi on the pavement . 
anger  My husband still feels very cross . 
anger  Her mother would be cross and he would feel stupid . 
anger  ` You 're cross because I was honest when I spoke to you that night . 
anger  Alexandra grew even crosser as it became obvious that Matthew had been invited in his own right . 
anger  Erika stamped her foot in vexation . 
anger  Frau Nordern bit her lip in vexation . 
anger  To Meryl 's vexation the boundary wall proved to be nearly eight feet high . 
anger  Sister Cecilia was flushed with vexation . 
anger  But determined that he should n't have the satisfaction of seeing her vexation she said drily ` Do n't mention it ; I 'm only glad it was n't rush-hour . " 
anger  No she 's not vexed . 
anger  ` I am vexed John . 
anger  But Christine felt vexed when at the next Pack Meeting Sarah lost points for the Six through being a slowcoach . 
anger  A vexed expression crossed Louise 's pretty face . 
anger  Unable to help herself Mrs Abigail made a vexed noise . 
anger  Lissa gazed up at him at his vexed expression and tried to quell the smile that pulled at her lips . 
anger  I 'm getting vexed . 
anger  You 're not vexed are you ? he asked incredulously . 
anger  Why ever did he bother to write them out ? the landlady asked gravely vexed and insulted . 
anger  Court sounded almost indignant . 
anger  She did n't look quite so indignant as she 'd looked before . 
anger  Shackel became indignant and said he would fetch a magistrate and complain about the Chief Constable 's attitude which he did . 
anger  Scientists on both sides of no-man 's land become bitterly indignant when someone points such external influences out to them . 
anger  His tone became more confident slightly indignant . 
anger  ` I mean look at this one " said the interviewer becoming quite indignant and picking one of the schools ' letters contemptuously from the pile . 
anger  I was extremely indignant . 
anger  The RUC men who had conducted the police investigations were fiercely indignant and a senior officer threatened to resign . 
anger  Topaz was indignant some of her fear dissipating . 
anger  But I do n't want an indignant boyfriend on my doorstep breathing fire . " 
anger  And Victoria now pulled her granddaughter past the indignant old lady whose face was expressing shock . 
anger  ` What did you mean Rachel ? " her mother asked slowly ignoring her husband 's indignant look . 
anger  IN East Germany two men formerly regarded as untouchable pillars of the old regime have rightly or wrongly become the focus of over-zealous and sometimes bizarre persecution by the legal authorities and an indignant public . 
anger  Indignant over suggestions that the Prime Minister has replaced his Jaguar with a Rover Nigel Lawson can at least draw comfort from the fact that he is a wanted man in the City . 
anger  ` Good heavens no lady " came the indignant reply . 
anger  Bellybutton said in an indignant voice as though my question had impugned McIllvanney 's honour . 
anger  She picked up a pen and drew a line through the service charge then handed the bill to the indignant guest . 
anger  Lucien made a small indignant sound his arms flailing before he recovered his poise . 
anger  Auguste shot him an indignant glance . 
anger  She was irritated indignant . 
anger  ` Oh ! " she bleated her voice high and rather indignant . 
anger  ` Nevil does n't work for me " he snapped truly indignant . 
anger  After the verdict on Monday an indignant Cannes president Alain Pedretti described it as ` scandalous " . 
anger  ` You do these ? " he asked an indignant Auguste . 
anger  He watched felt indignant but also justified because he was right . 
anger  BLACKEYES ended trailing an ever thinner line of puzzled viewers exasperated critics and the nagging question what went wrong ? 
anger  ` It 's absolute nonsense " wails an exasperated spokesman . 
anger  Untidy work led to rows rows led to confrontation confrontation led to the boy being soundly thrashed by his exasperated mother . 
anger  The Government resolutely refused to comment until in January 1978 we suddenly heard that an exasperated Lord Rosebery had broken off the sale and given Sotheby 's the go-ahead to auction the contents in May . 
anger  Doctor McCann turned an exasperated face away and addressed himself to Peg . 
anger  She began to feel exasperated . 
anger  They were exasperated and mystified . 
anger  If I failed to do so he would become exasperated and start shouting at me telling me how stupid I was ; whereupon I would dissolve into tears and rush out of the room . 
anger  An exasperated Galileo was able to show up the inadequacy of his rival 's position in a characteristically witty way . 
anger  He seemed exasperated though well in control . 
anger  No wonder Superintendent Miller had become exasperated . 
anger  Charlotte made to reply but suddenly felt exasperated and wearied by the hoops she had been obliged to jump through . 
anger  Lili was getting exasperated . 
anger  He shook his head exasperated and cynical . 
anger  As they passed her table she heard the older woman counting one-two-three one-two-three like a jolly and exasperated gym teacher . 
anger  The fellow sighing dramatically rose wearily from his chair like an exasperated parent dealing with two naughty children . 
anger  Blake looked at the exasperated face of the Doctor ' but this computer can predict what I 'm going to do . 
anger  They left behind them broken glass tyremarks on the road and another exasperated shop owner . 
anger  The sheriff had said the most likely explanation was that the father had become exasperated . 
anger  He was exasperated but not cast down . 
anger  There was a trace of exasperation in his voice as he said : ` I 've told my promoter Dan Duva that I want to fight all those contenders that the people want me to fight . 
anger  Plummer wanted to know a note of exasperation in his voice . 
anger  There was a hint of exasperation in his voice . 
anger  Shaw however worked off most of his exasperation over the weekend winning the Durham and Cleveland County veterans ' over 50 title . 
anger  And then again perhaps Modigliani 's exasperation stemmed in part from envy of this brilliant young man . 
anger  One career wife spoke about her exasperation when her husband listened to her with half an ear as he watched television . 
anger  You may find your exasperation turns to inspiration 
anger  Now it was the Young King who drew back and doubtless to their father 's immense exasperation refused to accept Richard 's homage . 
anger  She sounded very disappointed and David knew she was suppressing her exasperation . 
anger  Robbie 's exasperation found vent . 
anger  Frau Nordern allowed herself a note of exasperation . 
anger  At least if there 's a human being there you can talk about the deal says Legal & General 's Michael Payne with just a trace of exasperation . 
anger  She shot him a look of exasperation . 
anger  Your eyesight 's not good enough " Miss Dersingham said with exasperation . 
anger  He was coming so fast that she knew he had not seen her and she had to brake sharply frowning with exasperation . 
anger  ` I do n't seem to be getting anywhere with this damn machine " he said with exasperation . 
anger  There was something in the journalist 's manner that goaded Blanche 's exasperation intoanger . 
anger  There was a hint of exasperation in his voice . 
anger  She was single-minded and uncompromising in her work so that she sometimes provoked exasperation among her colleagues a feeling immediately tempered by the admiration they felt . 
anger  All through his life though Ken could be austere and stubborn to a point which provoked exasperation his evident holiness was so blended with cheerfulness that he seldom lost the admiration and affection of his contemporaries . 
anger  He looked at her with exasperation when she just gazed at him with wide deep blue eyes . 
anger  Tzann clucked his tongue with mild exasperation . 
anger  He felt a wave of exasperation rise within him . 
anger  With a grunt of exasperation Henry leapt across the room and into the yard crossing the space between kitchen and dining room until he reached the stables . 
anger  He gave a little grunt of exasperation . 
anger  How often do parents say in exasperation ` Oh you 'll be the death of me " ? 
anger  ` Damn ! " she muttered in exasperation . 
anger  Irina hung up in exasperation . 
anger  She was acting like some idiotic schoolgirl not an intelligent woman she thought in exasperation . 
anger  Jean-Paul gave a sigh of exasperation . 
anger  Parkin sighed with exasperation . 
anger  With a small sigh of exasperation she thrust her feet to the floor . 
 fear  I got the impression that he was extremely alarmed about his own position and was determined to eliminate any risk for himself by a massive change of Government . 
 fear  His voice was tetchy but not alarmed . 
 fear  But experts at the Coney Hill Psychiatric Hospital are alarmed . 
 fear  The repeal movement 's national leadership alarmed about Hopkins ' activities wrote warning her against any collusion with the enemy . " 
 fear  The alarmed Hungarians initially kept this threat to themselves but have since raised the issue in private both within the Warsaw Pact and with certain Western governments . 
 fear  Realising that something had gone wrong the alarmed miner was making his way out of the pit . 
 fear  After one alarmed glance at her apoplectic face Mr Loveitt said smoothly : ` I think we should get back to the facts . 
 fear  He turned to see four alarmed faces and the atmosphere was thick with unanswered questions as he walked out . 
 fear  The assistant looked alarmed . 
 fear  Some ill children feel so angry depressed or anxious about their condition that they refuse to eat . 
 fear  If she 's so anxious about my welfare and morals it 's a wonder she has n't come stamping up here to check out the situation for herself . 
 fear  The last time she had walked down this lane she had been too anxious about Susan to notice very much . 
 fear  I wanted to be a violinist -- that was my real ambition -- but I was too anxious to really get to grips with the instrument . 
 fear  Cranston too was thinking about events in the Tower but was too anxious to concentrate on the problems they posed . 
 fear  Meanwhile the flood of letters of a very different sort from anxious Hong Kong citizens to this and every other newspaper office continues . 
 fear  You then left that meeting rather hurriedly before it ended in a very anxious state . 
 fear  She subsequently attended the genetic counselling clinic and was very anxious about the situation . 
 fear  My friend is very anxious about your welfare . 
 fear  Gary 's expression became even more anxious . 
 fear  The Oracle clearly becomes very anxious about this and demands to know their business . 
 fear  He had taken an interest in the growing baby and had become anxious about Jane 's health and safety the way expectant fathers were supposed to . 
 fear  Far from experiencing simple gratitude such children will most likely feel terribly torn and anxious when faced with their foster parents ' offer of affection . 
 fear  She was still feeling a little anxious when she thought of all she would have to do before she could get to bed that night . 
 fear  It seems that anxious people condition most easily and it is thought that irrational fears are established in this way . 
 fear  They seemed anxious and hesitant about leaving as if uncertain of which direction to take . 
 fear  He turned and saw the waiter bearing down on him with an anxious look on his face . 
 fear  Jim could nonetheless tell by his anxious face that something was wrong . 
 fear  Stephen Spielberg says anxious parents should view it first . 
 fear  A helpline has been set up for anxious parents . 
 fear  One of the four ads is for insurance another for Sherwood 's and the other two draw the attention of anxious patients to a particular service offered by local solicitors . 
 fear  Anxious people become acutely sensitized to their bodies noticing minor bodily changes upon which they focus . 
 fear  Unfortunately anxious and stressed people become acutely sensitive to such fluctuations making them worse by their own concern . 
 fear  Rose was excessively clinging in her behaviour and anxious when Clive was either late as he often was or away on an extended business trip . 
 fear  We were confused and anxious when we were not understood . 
 fear  They were a little anxious about the flight over the Timor Sea as their compass had been 10 awry on the outward journey though it was correct at Melbourne . 
 fear  Many beef farmers in my constituency of Monmouth are deeply anxious about the impact of the MacSharry proposals . 
 fear  She 's in a lot of pain and is extremely anxious about her condition . " 
 fear  President Truman and his advisers were anxious over Sino-Soviet relations and wondered whether American forces could take the port of Dairen and thus prevent the Soviet Union from occupying the Liaotung peninsula of south Manchuria . 
 fear  The message was clear as members of Gloucestershire county council turned up to todays budget meeting with protestors anxious over the scale of impending cuts urging councillors to think again before wielding the axe . 
 fear  Modigliani was plagued and anxious because of the difficulty of finding models and when one had been found he waited in a state of tension for fear of being let down . 
 fear  Now Mr Rifkind has written to the BSC chairman Sir Robert Scholey asking for further assurances after meeting anxious union leaders . 
 fear  A patient in an anxious state is more likely to bump into or trip over objects ; shaking or tense hands are more likely to drop things spill things and so on . 
 fear  It all started early this morning when a rather anxious mum called in at the office . 
 fear  Tero followed them at a distance watching her new friend with sorrowful anxious eyes . 
 fear  She was particularly concerned when shortly before her wedding day she discovered that Prince Charles planned to give his friend a bracelet inscribed with their nicknames ` Fred " and ` Gladys " . 
 fear  I became concerned when I saw my husband becoming a different person . 
 fear  Jose the refuge guardian was concerned when Jeremy did n't return to Elola on the evening of Sunday October 21 -- he had left his camping gear behind in the hut . 
 fear  Everyone is terribly concerned at the moment ; we had thought that the security at St Helier was tighter than in most other hospitals . 
 fear  Maria 's ( 3.5 years ) parents were concerned because of her severe headbanging at home . 
 fear  Elaine 's voice was concerned but deep inside she hoped he would not decide to go to the party . 
 fear  Hank was thoroughly disquieted . 
 fear  Blanche was disquieted but not sure why . 
 fear  Feeling thoroughly disquieted she left her room in a rush . 
 fear  In Washington there was understanding but just as much disquiet about British Defence policy . 
 fear  We shall find reason for disquiet about this argument . 
 fear  Nevertheless even among non-abolitionists ( and across most of the political spectrum ) there has been grave disquiet about the state of the prisons . 
 fear  But the STUC also voiced disquiet about the way last Monday 's picketing was handled by police and said it had secured a pledge that policing would now be ` even-handed " . 
 fear  Despite the disquiet at the club this year Mr Stringer still appears more relaxed and more in control than he did when he first took charge in that winter of 1987 . 
 fear  There was widespread disquiet in the media and elsewhere . 
 fear  Polanski had received notices of similar disquiet over his films . 
 fear  There may be cases where there is parliamentary disquiet over a ministerial proposal and then the minister has a change of mind . 
 fear  His comments are a major diplomatic gaffe as the CRC has supported the region in its disquiet over the CRE 's decision to begin an investigation . 
 fear  Nevertheless the Commission 's disquiet has not prevented it from agreeing the designation . 
 fear  Apparently the RLD was not aware of the details of the Vanguard accident at that time but the subsequent publication of the report on the accident should have reinforced their disquiet . 
 fear  She voiced her disquiet and Ana laughed . 
 fear  Listening to parents in the playground and at more formal events such as parents ' evenings should alert staff to early stages of parental disquiet . 
 fear  That was still the kind of work that I wanted to do and if I thought very much a comprehensive schools it was in a spirit of mild disquiet . 
 fear  My heart was thumping with disquiet . 
 fear  I have received no representations on that matter and I am not aware of any disquiet among the groups that the hon. Gentleman described . 
 fear  The Department of Health is aware of the disquiet among dentists . 
 fear  His comments are a major diplomatic gaffe as the CRC has supported the region in its disquiet over the CRE 's decision to begin an investigation . 
 fear  However does the right hon. Gentleman recognise that profound disquiet has been expressed about some of the proposals in the Bill particularly the fast-track ones ? 
 fear  This last may be a source of considerable disquiet and one might not at first see how such obviously ` immoral " content could be defended as part of a system of morality . 
 fear  But her symbolic stance emerges at a time when there is considerable disquiet over the imaging of children . 
 fear  Li Shai Tung looked across at him smiling ; but behind the smile -- beyond it in some darker less accessible place -- lay a deep disquiet . 
 fear  There was public disquiet questions in the Commons and an enquiry ordered into Jeffrey 's whereabouts . 
 fear  Costly experiments on the teeth of live dogs or primates not to mention the public disquiet about such animal testing might be avoided and delays reduced . 
 fear  There was considerable public disquiet anyway but now that bugger Parkhurst has panicked the entire country we are going to have to lie very low . " 
 fear  Also some disquiet surrounds the production of " second generation " vaccines using genetically engineered microbes to make fragments of viruses . 
 fear  IMPRESSED just this side of awe as I am by the Department of Transport and its fearless tackling of such problems as juggernaut lorries and EEC regulations I must nevertheless confess some disquiet about a recent plan . 
 fear  Accountants inevitably greeted the court 's finding with some disquiet . 
 fear  THE Princess of Wales has once more caused disquiet among fashion commentators by sticking to her own rules . 
 fear  But there is no doubt that some of these ideas are causing great disquiet among Branch Management and Staff . 
 fear  Some of his actions in particular the unexpected introduction of a constitutional amendment allowing for an elected Vice-President and the subsequent appointment of Moudud Ahmed to that post caused some disquiet among party members . 
 fear  If there is continuing disquiet about the way an industry is being run Members can express their disquiet by questioning the fitness of the persons appointed by the Government to run it . 
 fear  In his meeting with Bush zal reportedly sought to express his disquiet about a bill passing through the US Congress aimed at marking the " 75th anniversary of the Armenian genocide of 1915-23 " . 
 fear  In 1989 he began libel proceedings in the UK against the Singapore government after the Privy Council had expressed " deep disquiet " over his treatment by the government [ see p. 37574 ] . 
 fear  Startled and by now more than a little frightened Patrick headed for Foyles hoping to lose his followers in the bookshop 's maze of nooks and corners . 
 fear  Deep down I get more and more frightened . 
 fear  I 'm really frightened . 
 fear  The ambassadnessor dithered so Benjamin stormed out grasped a frightened servant and made him take us to where Clinton was sitting with the Lady Francesca in a small bower built against the chateau wall . 
 fear  D.H. And no criticism of the drugs or medical regime because they 're too frightened . 
 fear  I do n't very often feel frightened but then I do n't often put myself in that vulnerable position . 
 fear  It 'll be very loud and you might get frightened . " 
 fear  He was more frightened than he had been in all the time he had been with them and he could tell that the girl was frightened too by her quick shallow breathing . 
 fear  They caught a suspicious individual one evening and turned him over to the police ; but he turned out to be a frightened bilberry-picker who had lost his way . 
 fear  I used to stutter a lot in those days I was a very frightened boy . 
 fear  He was very frightened now . 
 fear  ` Those poor little girls must be frightened out of their minds ! 
 fear  Someone must have buried them when they were too frightened to hand them in to the police station . 
 fear  Mr Kinnock says the Prime Minister is too frightened to debate the issue . 
 fear  Slowly he corners the frightened younger boy talks reassuringly as he kisses and caresses him . 
 fear  As the frightened boy bolted to Gooseneck 's side there was a scream from Fishbane 's corner where an unwary Pole had reaped the consequences of turning her back to view the drama . 
 fear  Without another word Bert Rafferty gently picked up the frightened child and made towards the cliff . 
 fear  They looked like a crowd of frightened children . 
 fear  He says that Childine must survive because it has proved itself a lifeline for thousands of frightened lonely and distressed children . 
 fear  The impact had caused it to buck like a frightened horse . 
 fear  I saw the frightened horses on the edge of a steep drop . 
 fear  In one room a frightened man bared his back which was a mass of scabs and bruises . 
 fear  Ten cold frightened men climbed out of their trench and listened to the young officer in cynical silence . 
 fear  Or was it just fear that paralysed her like a frightened rabbit ? 
 fear  The young woman just stared back like a frightened rabbit . 
 fear  They 're frightened to death . 
 fear  The poor frightened girl packed her things and ran out saying she was going to Reno for a divorce . 
 fear  She started like a frightened cat and looked up at him wide-eyed . 
 fear  Her ladyship looked frightened shocked . 
 fear  Some of the house servants were missing and everybody looked frightened . 
 fear  She sounded frightened a little distraught . 
 fear  She 'd felt quite frightened and had n't accepted the invitation . 
 fear  The first week I was at the school I attempted to climb a tree and was reproved by a horrified prefect . 
 fear  Then she was silent staring at him with horrified eyes . 
 fear  His glance slid over to them taking in the horrified Katarina surrounded by malicious-looking women . 
 fear  He had thus been forced to hide his ignorance which ill became a bohemian poet when the trial burst upon a horrified society . 
 fear  Mr McWhinney ( 55 ) of Drumhark Road Comber died instantly when his single-engined Pulsar plunged to the ground in front of horrified spectators . 
 fear  At which point according to my informant everyone looked absolutely horrified and said : ` Oh no Prime Minister ! 
 fear  With a little grimace she turned to stare with rather horrified fascination at the dark oil paintings that lined the walls . 
 fear  Raising her eyes she stared in rather horrified fascination at the opening door . 
 fear  Do n't look so horrified ! 
 fear  When I asked if they could make me an identical one trimmed with black fur and beading instead they were horrified but they agreed in the end . " 
 fear  A cold draught of air was coming from the kitchen and I found the back door to be wide open -- and then my horrified glance fell upon Aunt Louise . 
 fear  Charles was horrified conscious that his brother was now disqualified as a man of God from leading an invasion and as a celibate from having a legitimate heir . 
 fear  If I mention our separate sleeping arrangements to friends they are horrified . 
 fear  There was one other horrified observer of the scene . 
 fear  The parents are horrified and I am totally disgusted . 
 fear  When he saw her horrified expression however he stopped being a doctor and became quite fatherly instead . 
 fear  He gave one swift look at her horrified expression before continuing . 
 fear  He looked at the children at Nick 's horrified face and then at Auntie Lou . 
 fear  Barely registering Gwen 's horrified face she turned and whirled out crashing the back door against the wall so hard that the echoes seemed to follow her fleeing figure . 
 fear  One horrified look told him that Daisy had already sunk to her pasterns . 
 fear  Lily shot a quick horrified look up and down the road . 
 fear  The despairing faithless gaping horrified wife looked down at her lover and knew that he was dead . 
 fear  She shot him a horrified look . 
 fear  One itemised phone bill to Bedworth 's horrified mother ran to 34 pages of listed calls the jury heard . 
 fear  His horrified mother made a public appeal for the return of the ring given to her by husband Alfed 18-years ago . 
 fear  It was just like Rambo said one of the scores of horrified students who fled from the university after the massacre . 
 fear  The passengers looked horrified . 
 fear  The Doctor looked horrified . 
 fear  Aggie looked horrified as she caught sight of the horse dung on his hobnailed boots . 
 fear  Daisy leaned forward at once horrified and fascinated . 
 fear  The horror in her voice was almost ludicrous and Briant raised his eyebrows slightly . 
 fear  With horror in her eyes the nurse stated that the young girl had tearfully told the physician the events that had led to her tragic situation . 
 fear  Even as he spoke she saw the dawning horror in his eyes . 
 fear  Imagine the horror on my beloved 's face when he discovered I had in fact flung in the rubbish his much prized and read collection of Guitarist magazines ! 
 fear  Melanie was shocked to see the horror on her aunt 's face . 
 fear  Charlotte looked at Ursula and saw a frozen expression of horror on her face . 
 fear  Rather than match China 's firmness it can be confidently predicted the Hong Kong authorities will follow past form cease muttering about their shock and horror over Tiananmen and return to bland assurances that the negotiations with Peking about a post-1997 ` Basic Law " for Hong Kong are going well . 
 fear  But the blank horror over Khmer Rouge atrocities between 1975 and 1978 has created a blind spot about its strength in Cambodia and the growing likelihood that it will return to power either on its own or with the other Cambodian opposition factions . 
 fear  Tug had just one glimpse of the girl 's horror as her mouth and her eyes opened wide . 
 fear  You can imagine my horror ! 
 fear  Then she remembered his horror when he 'd said ` Do n't tell me you 're a virgin ! " and her heart closed in on itself like a wounded animal . 
 fear  Ray Shepherd 's voice was quiet and he ignored his son 's mounting horror . 
 fear  Meanwhile Crowe who had been watching the carnage unfold from the other end with increasing horror unfurled some strokes of class in an attempt to ease the situation . 
 fear  Some of us contemplate this prospect with horror . 
 fear  She gazed at Ruth and her face seemed to fill up with horror . 
 fear  ` Did you have a good day at the office ? " she asked hearing herself with horror . 
 fear  Eyewitnesses told of the horror as shrapnel rained down on shoppers from two devices placed in cast-litter bins less than ten yards apart . 
 fear  Aston Villa are having a great run but they hold no particular horrors for the Norwich players . 
 fear  Constant recounting of this tale embroidered it further describing the woman 's horror as the head missing the basket gripped her apron and held on with its teeth ! 
 fear  This ` return to the sources " discovers either that such primitive celebrations are entirely divorced from modern sexuality or that they always concealed a deathly horror . 
 fear  For Swift there is a connection between cosmetics and prostitution ; the carefully assembled exterior often conceals both physical horror and moral contamination . 
 fear  A few months later Gough Whitlam brought the Australian Army home but it is said that for those who experienced the horrors each one left a little piece of themselves out in Viet . 
 fear  I wanted to express my fear and my horror . 
 fear  He paused before stepping out onto the roof a look of horror on his face . 
 fear  He saw the look of horror on my face . 
 fear  The idea of their having a say in the running of a club appears to make officials recoil with horror . 
 fear  I have climbed it from all sides every time making new discoveries finding new surprises and delights and let me confess secret places from which I have recoiled in horror . 
 fear  Ashley recoiled in horror . 
 fear  We had n't gone very far when we met up with another Lancaster returning from a Cook 's Tour and to my horror the two aircraft then flew wing-tip to wing-tip all the way home . 
 fear  Yanto realised to his horror he was now the nearest man to the exit bar . 
 fear  To Shiona 's absolute horror Jake had blamed her . 
 fear  People waiting for trains watched in horror as the violence spread towards the Festi Hall . 
 fear  Rex watched in horror as the black claw tore Bill 's left arm from its socket and flung it far up the street . 
 fear  ` I felt less nervous in the play-off against Faldo than I have here . 
 fear  Quite a few of my classmates had done their speeches and I was getting really nervous as the day for my turn drew closer and closer . 
 fear  I seem to be more nervous in that way than I once was . 
 fear  The girls exchanged nervous glances thinking that it must be Miss Hardbroom come to reprimand them for being out of bed . 
 fear  There was a nervous laugh at this topical sally provided by the Zola trial . 
 fear  The silence that followed was finally broken by a nervous laugh from one of the men-at-arms . 
 fear  The boy gave a nervous smile ; Jean-Paul gestured to the waiter . 
 fear  Roberts looked nervous but kept a fixed smile . 
 fear  Flaps are described in detail for the many pilots who do not fully understand how to make the best use of them and who may be nervous about their first flights in a flapped machine . 
 fear  I was also under no illusion that some backbenchers on our side were nervous about the policy . 
 fear  He was naturally sometimes nervous in the face of my beauty ; and at other times needlessly pleased with himself . 
 fear  Nothing happened -- not that she 'd really thought anything would -- although there was a nervous tingle in her fingers . 
 fear  Exhausted and nervous councillors disappear into small cabals . 
 fear  She tried to sleep but she was desperately nervous about tomorrow . 
 fear  Not so much a merciful touch more likely a measure to prevent suddenly terror-stricken passengers from attempting to escape into the crowd . 
 fear  The girl was glued to the spot terror-struck pop-eyed quivering knowing for certain that the Day of Judgment had come for her at last . 
 fear  If this happened they would be terror-stricken . 
 fear  Two fierce eyes glared at the terror-stricken sailors . 
 fear  Leo demanded as he wrenched back to stare down into her almost terror-stricken face . 
 fear  A CITY 'S terror-stricken minicab drivers are threatening to quit their jobs in fear after the murder of a young cabbie . 
 fear  ` I 'm not particularly worried if players do n't score but you just ca n't stroll around . 
 fear  They simply could not understand why people in England were so worried . 
 fear  Rose stood looking down at her a worried expression in her eyes . 
 fear  This leads to highly agitated motions and correspondingly high temperatures . 
 fear  His two thumbs rotated about one another as they always did when he was agitated and looking for a way to strike . 
 fear  She was agitated ; there were a few tears . 
 fear  Little Maureen was agitated but she made a nice speech . 
 fear  ` When we came to tell you that the service was postponed you were in a very agitated state -- but then it was difficult to persuade you to leave off playing . " 
 fear  ` When a police sergeant revisited Mr Thompson he was still clearly the worse for drink and was in an agitated state . " 
 fear  He was becoming agitated . 
 fear  The priest became agitated . 
 fear  The Spaniard was becoming agitated again wondering whether he had already gone too far . 
 fear  She was getting agitated . 
 fear  Do n't get agitated . 
 fear  He paced about for some time looking agitated . 
 fear  Rachel and her mother looked agitated . 
 fear  Country and Western is suitable for calming an agitated animal 
 fear  It emerged that in conscious and especially in excited or agitated patients the drug produced a remarkable state of inactivity or indifference . 
 fear  Annabel said in an agitated voice ` I feel as if my mind is whirling madly like a hurricane . 
 fear  Just before we were to go upstairs to be photographed an agitated Nigel Lawson came up to me saying that he wanted a word . 
 fear  Trance-like he drove down the Edgware Road responding to the multitudinous traffic lights with mechanical movements while the agitated Eleanor continued to lash his unreceptive ear with a never-ending stream of abuse . 
 fear  The boss sounded agitated when I spoke to him over the phone . " 
 fear  At Portsmouth Lily Lee creatively amplifies a passage from Machiavelli 's The Prince inscribing a chilling statement in a bold agitated hand . 
 fear  An agitated old lady addressed Ramsey severely and asked why he did not go back to his own country and do good there instead of stirring up trouble in the United States . 
 fear  More usually it left him ashamed and angry despite his wife 's kind words of consolation and Ashi herself in an agitated state of dissatisfaction and unhappiness . 
 fear  He seemed agitated restlessly pacing about looking out into the crowds then drawing back into the shelter of the arcade . 
 fear  Nevertheless Maeve 's sharp eyes had missed nothing ; her husband looked exhausted troubled and now she felt agitated . 
 fear  Suddenly a wave of tiredness swept through her and she closed her eyes for a moment during which the girl remained quiet but visibly agitated and eager to be getting on with her work . 
 fear  Behind the front door hovered a small and wiry man who appeared greatly agitated and whose polished bald head was flushed and sweating profusely in spite of the cold . 
 fear  Perhaps the mural makes it new so shamelessly bright upon the wall like something spilt and the restless assortment of weekend patrons who watch the stage with agitated and expectant eyes . 
 fear  What a contrast with the rattled and untrustworthy gamblers at Number 10 and Number 11 Downing Street . 
 fear  " Dear God " he said beginning to get rattled . 
 fear  You could n't simply ignore the fact that he had sentenced you to death but it was important to let him know that you were n't rattled . 
 fear  There is a clear lesson there for a beleagured John Major and a rattled Tory government . 
 fear  While Grant was wakening the kids he discovered to his dismay that most of the cubicles held four occupants sleeping in bunk beds . 
 fear  The first important truth for voters in such spirits is that in their dismay about recent economic and political errors they are forgetting the immense Tory achievements which preceded them and are now at risk again . 
 fear  There was dismay in Belgrade . 
 fear  Equally inevitably there was outrage and dismay in India . 
 fear  THE Italian writer Primo Levi died on 11 April 1987 to the dismay of his readers . 
 fear  To the dismay of the South Africans umpire Cumberbatch merely signalled a leg-side wide . 
 fear  Ian Fleming 's superhero first appeared in Issue 4 of ZZAP ! much to the dismay of the reviewing team . 
 fear  The Estonians require a language test before full civil rights are granted to the dismay of their Russian-speaking population . 
 fear  Typically Gould 's infrequent letters home detailed only his ornithological exploits much to the dismay of the household who were desperate to hear news of a more personal nature . 
 fear  Seeing the look of dismay on her mother 's face Tamar continued ` You wo n't be telling a lie . 
 fear  The bank had made no secret of their dismay over Virgin 's venture into airlines . 
 fear  Journalists were asked by the manager to attend a midday conference at Celtic Park in the expectation that Brady would be commenting on his dismay over anonymous directorial criticism of the team 's progress . 
 fear  He listened soberly and with growing dismay to what the young bank officer from Jeddah had to say and scanned the computer printouts across his desk with a practised eye . 
 fear  Edward concealed his dismay . 
 fear  In the thirtieth minute Gary Weaving scored what looked like a perfectly good goal only for the linesman to rule it out for offside to everyone 's dismay . 
 fear  ` It 's stuck ! " she cried in dismay . 
 fear  Anyone could have typed that message and his initial she realised with dismay . 
 fear  She jumped up frowning in dismay . 
 fear  Gascoigne is the first Englishman to fill the role since Bobby Charlton a man whose absence from a team sheet spread dismay among team-mates and supporters alike . 
 fear  Please do n't let the dismay of the pro-Ford lobby colour your judgement in future road tests . 
 fear  There was dismay on her face now . 
 fear  To the dismay of German suppliers Mr Lopez is also eager to share this advice with foreign competitors . 
 fear  I watched with dismay as they hit the floor and bounced to eight dusty oblivions . 
 fear  In this he resembled Bonamy Dobre at Leeds who reacted with the utmost dismay when his pet student Robin Skelton announced his engagement to a fellow-student . 
 fear  Perhaps it was something in the dowager-duchess 's voice that caused it but Joan to her own dismay burst into tears . 
 fear  I read with dismay the remark attributed to the Central Scotland Water Development Board in your report today that ` water required powerful law " otherwise the water authorities ` would never get anything done " . 
 fear  He predicted ` deep dismay in Hong Kong deepened only by the statement of the official Opposition . " 
 fear  She wrote : " Thank you for your letter dated 9th October 1991 which I have read with great dismay . 
 fear  Effortlessly his knee slid to part her legs but when she threw him a look of utter dismay he paused . 
 fear  The commercial ethic meant some deterioration in standards while the cutbacks in the Overseas News department one of the glories of Bush House caused much dismay in the public communications world . 
 fear  This caused a good deal of consternation and dismay in Westminster . 
 fear  And it was equally insistent that a policy of retreat would cause dismay in Washington thereby diminishing Britain 's ability to exert influence over American policy . 
 fear  Floyd Patterson has expressed dismay over the current treatment . 
 fear  Edouard looked at him and felt a sickening dismay . 
 fear  When Tina and the children moved into the School Cecilia felt both dismay and guilty relief . 
 fear  But he felt ` dismay and sorrow for so many people in our country who do not share this personal good fortune . " 
 fear  They stared at one another in dismay thesadness small wickedness of their friends and neighbours strewn around their minds like dirty confetti from a party long past . 
 fear  Cleo stared at the contents with dismay . 
 fear  Melissa stared at her friend in dismay . 
 fear  Successive state elections have seen the governing parties pummelled by a dismayed electorate . 
 fear  Vincent was irritated but not dismayed . 
 fear  Kendall-Hume turned back to face the dismayed couple . 
 fear  I am dismayed but not surprised . 
 shame   I 'm really ashamed of the matter and therefore return to you the bond cancelled . 
 shame   The mortified referee ordered the game to end but then was persuaded to leave while one of the linesmen took over a spectator taking the linesman 's place . 
 shame   Celia was mortified yet to her horror she wanted to scream . 
 shame   The kids were mortified but I thought it was a real hoot . " 
 shame   The mortified referee ordered the game to end but then was persuaded to leave while one of the linesmen took over a spectator taking the linesman 's place . 
 shame   I was mortified because we did n't appear at the presentation ceremony and I did n't receive a medal as a memento of the occasion . 
 shame   The kids were mortified but I thought it was a real hoot . " 
 shame   ` They failed to do so " said Sherrin ` and Michael fretted and fumed and explained that his immense following of fans would be mortified and he would be shame d . 
 shame   " I felt mortified but cushioned by the drink . " 
 shame   Meredith escaped through the door he held open and walked quickly home feeling both discomfited and dissatisfied . 
 shame   When I glanced back as I opened the gate they were standing still in a discomfited little group : they had not meant I suppose to hurt the child . 
 shame   Joseph hung back walking slowly as the others moved on again and his mother noticing his discomfited expression waited for him at the side of the track . 
 shame   Bishop did n't seem discomfited . 
 shame   Ace 's eyes were full of mocking laughter as they took in the discomfited expression on the journalist 's face . 
 shame   The headmaster stood at the front of the class with Jim looking rather embarrassed and announced shame 
 shame   As a friend of Linde 's I was rather embarrassed however when I was later sent his paper by a scientific journal and asked whether it was suitable for publication . 
 shame   For a moment Rob looked rather embarrassed . 
 shame   When I did eventually tell her she was really embarrassed and tried telling me that I was making it up ! 
 shame   She was really embarrassed . 
 shame   When I came across it the other day I was slightly embarrassed . 
 shame   ` Now you are mocking me " Vologsky murmured with a slightly embarrassed smile . 
 shame   Eight out of 10 agreed it was OK for girls to carry condoms but half said they would be too embarrassed to buy them . 
 shame   It was less that I was too proud more that I was too embarrassed . 
 shame   Doubtless in later years she would be glad of that but for now she was too embarrassed to care . 
 shame   They were very polite but also very embarrassed . 
 shame   The civil servants watched with barely concealed glee as the ruling party became embarrassed when the North Koreans demanded compensation not only for Japan 's colonial rule but also for all the years since . 
 shame   You become embarrassed when people compliment you : ` Oh it was nothing really " . 
 shame   As she gazed at it she became embarrassed . 
 shame   As Koons shows the photos to me during an interview in his Greenwich Village apartment I feel embarrassed for him . 
 shame   Strip searching made me feel terrible -- I was dead embarrassed . 
 shame   And then my friends ' boyfriends on an evening out they used to just have a go at him and I 'd feel really embarrassed . 
 shame   Now she was getting increasingly embarrassed as Mattie sat waiting for O'Neill . 
 shame   ` In every sense of course including the biblical " he added in a penetrating whisper clearly audible to his embarrassed family . 
 shame   They might have been in the private wing put away by their guilty and embarrassed families . 
 shame   Milton took pity on his embarrassed friend . 
 shame   ` Oh for God 's sake " Jack said with an embarrassed laugh . 
 shame   She gave an embarrassed smile and looked down at her hands . 
 shame   My father had been embarrassed when my mother or I had wept at the time of his leaving . 
 shame   I was quite embarrassed when we did it two years ago . " 
 shame   He was embarrassed about the nature of his illness and reluctant to discuss his bowel function with anyone especially young women . 
 shame   I was a bit embarrassed about that . 
 shame   But the council 's so embarrassed about that one that they 're just leaving them to put it right as quietly as they can . 
 shame   I 'm embarrassed for Blade . 
 shame   Several of the men though none of the women made embarrassed noises of dissent . 
 shame   ` I know what you mean ma'am " said Rose gravely enjoying himself immensely at the sight of Auguste 's embarrassed face . 
 shame   ` I was so embarrassed " said Dave 38 . 
 shame   Jasper reddened and pressed his lip together and Farraline looked embarrassed . 
 shame   Mum was so embarrassed ! 
 shame   A lot of the time you just shoot because you 're caught up in something then you see it published and you 're a bit embarrassed because in your heart you know what it was . 
 shame   Flt Lt Marshall was extremely embarrassed and always avoided my eye whenever he came into the Met Office after that . 
 shame   The bearers looked embarrassed and tried to get her to go . 
 shame   I have seen him as Grimes many times and never without a sense of embarrassment that this finely sensitive singer should have been asked to adopt a vicious role alien to him . 
 shame   His embarrassment about self-disclosure gives the impression belied by his other books that he knew nothing of the mystery that grace works by means of human weakness not by side-stepping it . 
 shame   Many solicitors never overcome their own embarrassment about the amount that they charge though few go on to lower their fees . 
 shame   ` It 's inconceivable I agree " responded Howard waving a well-manicured hand his plump face pink with embarrassment at the directness of Newman . 
 shame   Jenna 's face flushed with embarrassment at the way the girl watched in amused surprise . 
 shame   " What 's this playing infant games still ? " he demanded and was gratified to see the flush of embarrassment in Tristram 's cheek . 
 shame   I could tell from the blank embarrassment in Tom 's expression that she had not acknowledged him . 
 shame   If there is not quite an embarrassment of riches there is enough to make the small investor blush at the choice . 
 shame   On this occasion satygraha involved imprisonment of thousands of Indians much to the embarrassment of the Union Government of South Africa . 
 shame   Such old people may have little embarrassment with each other about bodily functions perhaps less than some husbands and wives because they were the stuff of taken-for-granted childhood . 
 shame   He grinned unrepentantly watching her deep blush of embarrassment with apparent fascination . 
 shame   By resorting to a money-lender it became more difficult to conceal their embarrassment -- than if they had merely run up bills with retailers . 
 shame   The manager who seeks to increase the nurse 's embarrassment or difficulties is of little help . 
 shame   Often she would say something foolish immediately regret it then to cover her embarrassment say something worse . 
 shame   ` You 'll not be alone with him Maggie he 's got a sister and in any case Mitch will be there " Richie muttered red with embarrassment . 
 shame   Caswell shuffled in obvious embarrassment . 
 shame   ` She 's just dying of embarrassment . " 
 shame   We finally realised that we could avoid even that embarrassment by giving ourselves breathing space . 
 shame   They will always try to avoid any embarrassment but will use their judgement on whether or not to make payment . 
 shame   One episode ends with the proud man broken humiliated and in tears . 
 shame   Modigliani felt the pain of these visits more than any of them and was horrified to see his old friend in dingy and sinister surroundings humiliated and frightened . 
 shame   ` When Liz came back there was raucous laughter and she felt humiliated . " 
 shame   He gets real humiliated and has to leave . 
 shame   They aimed for higher status jobs and felt humiliated when they were unemployed . 
 shame   He cursed his lack of self-control ; he knew that the old biddies had seen it and he felt humiliated . 
 shame   Sometimes I've thought I 'll never forget what happened it all comes back and I feel guilty or or dirty or humiliated and bitter 
 shame   GRAHAM TAYLOR will defy the fury of a humiliated nation and risk his entire reputation on an England miracle in the next five months . 
